Maturity Date, each Issuing Lender shall have the right to resign as such on, or on any date within 20 Business Days after, the 2023
ExtendedInitial Maturity Date, in each of the cases in clause (x) and clause (y), upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice thereof to
the Company and the Administrative Agent and, in the event of any such resignation and upon the effectiveness thereof, the resigning
Issuing Lender shall retain all of its rights hereunder and under the other Credit Documents as Issuing Lender with respect to all Letters
of Credit theretofore issued by it (which Letters of Credit shall remain outstanding in accordance with the terms hereof until their
respective expirations) but shall not be required to issue any further Letters of Credit hereunder. If at any time and for any reason
(including as a result of resignations as contemplated by the last proviso to the preceding sentence), an Issuing Lender has resigned in
such capacity in accordance with the preceding sentence and no Issuing Lenders exist at such time, then no Person shall be an Issuing
Lender hereunder obligated to issue Letters of Credit unless and until (and only for so long as) a Lender (or Affiliate of a Lender)
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Company agrees to act as Issuing Lender hereunder. Any Issuing Lender may,
in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by one or more Affiliates of such Issuing Lender (and such Affiliate
shall be deemed to be an “Issuing Lender” for all purposes of the Credit Documents). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association shall be an Issuing Lender solely with respect to Letters of Credit denominated in U.S.
Dollars and shall be under no obligation to issue (and the Borrowers shall not request Wells Fargo Bank, National Association to issue) any
Letter of Credit denominated in a currency other than U.S. Dollars. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, each of
DBNY, Barclays Bank PLC and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding Inc. shall be an Issuing Lender solely with respect to standby Letters of
Credit and shall be under no obligation to issue trade Letters of Credit (and the Borrowers shall not request any of DBNY, Barclays Bank
PLC or Morgan Stanley Senior Funding Inc. to issue such trade Letters of Credit).

“Joinder Agreement” shall mean a Joinder Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit N (appropriately completed).

“Judgment Currency” shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.2013.21.

“Judgment Currency Conversion Date” shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.2013.21.

“Landlord Personal Property Collateral Access Agreement” shall mean a Landlord Waiver and Consent Agreement substantially
in the form of Exhibit M, with such amendments, modifications or supplements thereto, or such other form, in each case as may be
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent.

“L/C Supportable Obligations” shall mean (i) obligations (including Indebtedness) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with
respect to workers compensation, surety bonds and other similar statutory obligations and (ii) such other obligations (including
Indebtedness) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as are otherwise permitted to exist pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (other
than obligations (including Indebtedness) in respect of (v) any Permitted Convertible Notes, (w) any Permitted Additional Indebtedness, (x)
any Cash Flow Revolving Indebtedness, (y) any Indebtedness or other obligations that are contractually subordinated in right of payment
to the Obligations and (z) any Equity Interests).

“Leaseholds” of any Person shall mean all the right, title and interest of such Person as lessee or licensee in, to and under
leases or licenses of land (including all improvements and/or fixtures thereon).

49


-----


