with respect thereto.

12.11. Delivery of Information. The Administrative Agent shall not be required to deliver to any Lender originals or copies
of any documents, instruments, notices, communications or other information received by the Administrative Agent from any Credit Party,
any Subsidiary thereof, the Required Lenders, any Lender or any other Person under or in connection with this Agreement or any other
Credit Document except (a) as specifically provided in this Agreement or any other Credit Document and (b) as specifically requested from
time to time in writing by any Lender with respect to a specific document, instrument, notice or other written communication received by
and in the possession of the Administrative Agent at the time of receipt of such request and then only in accordance with such specific
request.

12.12. Dutch Parallel Debt.

(a) Each Dutch Credit Party irrevocably and unconditionally undertakes to pay to the Collateral Agent amounts equal to,
and in the currency or currencies of, its Dutch Corresponding Debt (such amounts, its “Dutch Parallel Debt”) on the terms and conditions
specified in this Section 12.12.

(b) The Dutch Parallel Debt of each Dutch Credit Party (i) shall become due and payable at the same time as its Dutch
Corresponding Debt; and (ii) is independent and separate from, and without prejudice to, its Dutch Corresponding Debt.

(c) For purposes of this Section 12.12, the Collateral Agent (i) is the independent and separate creditor of each Dutch
Parallel Debt; (ii) acts in its own name and not as agent, representative or trustee of the Secured Creditors and its claims in respect of
each Dutch Parallel Debt shall not be held on trust; and (iii) shall have the independent and separate right to demand payment of each
Dutch Parallel Debt in its own name (including, through any suit, execution, enforcement of security, recovery of guarantees and
applications for and voting in any kind of insolvency proceeding).

(d) The Dutch Parallel Debt of each Dutch Credit Party shall be (i) decreased to the extent that its Dutch Corresponding
Debt has been irrevocably and unconditionally paid or discharged, and (ii) increased to the extent to that its Dutch Corresponding Debt
has increased, and the Dutch Corresponding Debt of each Dutch Credit Party shall be (x) decreased to the extent that its Dutch Parallel
Debt has been irrevocably and unconditionally paid or discharged, and (y) increased to the extent that its Dutch Parallel Debt has
increased, in each case provided that the Dutch Parallel Debt of a Dutch Credit Party shall never exceed its Dutch Corresponding Debt.

(e) Each Dutch Credit Party may not pay any of its Dutch Parallel Debt other than at the instruction of, and in the manner
determined by, the Collateral Agent. Without prejudice to the preceding sentence, each Dutch Credit Party shall be obliged to pay the
Dutch Parallel Debt (or if such Dutch Credit Party's Dutch Corresponding Debt is due at different times, an amount of the relevant Dutch
Parallel Debt corresponding to its relevant Dutch Corresponding Debt) only when its relevant Dutch Corresponding Debt has become due.

(f) All parties to this Agreement have acknowledged and agreed with and/or shall acknowledge and agree with the
provisions of this Section 12.12.

179


-----


