Flood Insurance Laws) is located in a special flood hazard area, evidence of flood insurance as and to the extent required under
Section 9.03 of the Credit Agreement.

Section 5. Representations and Warranties, etc. The Borrowers hereby confirm, reaffirm and restate that each of the
representations and warranties made by any Credit Party in the Credit Documents is true and correct in all material respects on and as of
the Amendment Effective Date (it being understood and agreed that (x) any representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a
specified date shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects only as of such specified date and (y) any representation or
warranty that is qualified by “materiality”, “Material Adverse Effect” or similar language shall be true and correct in all respects). The
Borrowers represent and warrant that, immediately after giving effect to the occurrence of the Amendment Effective Date, no Default or
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Borrowers represent and warrant that each Credit Party (i) has the Business power
and authority to execute, deliver and perform the terms and provisions of this Amendment and has taken all necessary Business action to
authorize the execution, delivery and performance by such Credit Party thereof and (ii) has duly executed and delivered this Amendment,
and that this Amendment constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrowers enforceable against each Borrower in
accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by
proceedings in equity or at law). The Borrowers represent and warrant that the information included on any Beneficial Ownership
Certification provided on or prior to the Amendment Effective Date to any Lender in connection with this Amendment is true and correct
in all respects.

Section 6. Reaffirmation. Each Credit Party hereby agrees that (i) all of its Obligations under the Credit Documents shall
remain in full force and effect on a continuous basis after giving effect to this Amendment and (ii) each Credit Document, as amended
hereby (if applicable), is ratified and affirmed in all respects.

Section 7. No Novation. Neither this Amendment nor the execution, delivery or effectiveness of this Amendment shall
extinguish or in any way limit or impair the obligations outstanding under the Security Documents or the other Credit Documents or
discharge or release the lien or priority of the Security Documents. Nothing herein contained shall be construed as a substitution or
novation of the Credit Agreement, any other Credit Document or of the obligations outstanding under the Security Documents or the other
Credit Documents or instruments securing the same, which shall remain in full force and effect, except to any extent expressly modified
hereby or by instruments executed concurrently herewith. Nothing implied in this Amendment, the Credit Agreement, the Amended
Credit Agreement, the Security Documents, the other Credit Documents or in any other document contemplated hereby or thereby shall
(a) be construed as a release or other discharge of any Borrower or any other Credit Party from any of its obligations and liabilities as a
“U.S. Borrower,” “Dutch Borrower”, “UK Borrower”, “Borrower”, “Guarantor,” “Credit Party,” “Obligor” or “Grantor” under the Credit
Agreement or the Amended Credit Agreement, the Security Documents or any other Credit Document or (b) be construed to limit, impair,
constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of any Lender or Agent under the Amended Credit Agreement or any
other Credit Document. Each of the Credit Documents shall remain in full force and effect, until (as applicable) and except to any extent
expressly modified hereby or in connection herewith.

Section 8. Governing Law. This Amendment and the rights of the parties hereunder shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York (without regard to


-----


