data for comparable products. Costs incurred on the sale of residential installations before the solar energy systems are completed are included as work in
process within inventory in the consolidated balance sheets. Any fees that are paid or payable by us to a solar loan lender would be recognized as an offset
against revenue. Costs to obtain a contract relate mainly to commissions paid to our sales personnel related to the sale of solar energy systems and energy
storage systems. As our contract costs related to solar energy system and energy storage system sales are typically fulfilled within one year, the costs to obtain
a contract are expensed as incurred.

As part of our solar energy system and energy storage system contracts, we may provide the customer with performance guarantees that warrant that
the underlying system will meet or exceed the minimum energy generation or energy performance requirements specified in the contract. In certain instances,
we may receive a bonus payment if the system performs above a specified level. Conversely, if a solar energy system or energy storage system does not meet
the performance guarantee requirements, we may be required to pay liquidated damages. Other forms of variable consideration related to our large commercial
and utility grade solar energy system and energy storage system contracts include variable customer payments that will be made based on our energy market
participation activities. Such guarantees and variable customer payments represent a form of variable consideration and are estimated at contract inception at
their most likely amount and updated at the end of each reporting period as additional performance data becomes available. Such estimates are included in the
transaction price only to the extent that it is probable a significant reversal of revenue will not occur.

We record as deferred revenue any non-refundable amounts that are collected from customers related to fees charged for prepayments and remote
monitoring service and operations and maintenance service, which is recognized as revenue ratably over the respective customer contract term. As of
December 31, 2020 and 2019, deferred revenue related to such customer payments amounted to $187 million and $156 million, respectively. Revenue
recognized from the deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2019 was $34 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Revenue recognized from the
deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2018 was $41 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. We have elected the practical expedient to omit
disclosure of the amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations for energy generation and storage sales with an original
expected contract length of one year or less and the amount that we have the right to invoice when that amount corresponds directly with the value of the
performance to date. As of December 31, 2020, total transaction price allocated to performance obligations that were unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied for
contracts with an original expected length of more than one year was $100 million. Of this amount, we expect to recognize $6 million in the next 12 months and
the remaining over a period up to 27 years.

Energy Generation and Storage Leasing

For revenue arrangements where we are the lessor under operating lease agreements for energy generation and storage products, we record lease
revenue from minimum lease payments, including upfront rebates and incentives earned from such systems, on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease
term, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. The difference between the payments received and the revenue recognized is recorded as
deferred revenue or deferred asset on the consolidated balance sheet.

For solar energy systems where customers purchase electricity from us under PPAs prior to January 1, 2019, we have determined that these agreements
should be accounted for as operating leases pursuant to ASC 840. Revenue is recognized based on the amount of electricity delivered at rates specified under
the contracts, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met.

We record as deferred revenue any amounts that are collected from customers, including lease prepayments, in excess of revenue recognized and
operations and maintenance service fees, which is recognized as revenue ratably over the respective customer contract term. As of December 31, 2020 and
2019, deferred revenue related to such customer payments amounted to $206 million and $226 million, respectively. Deferred revenue also includes the portion
of rebates and incentives received from utility companies and various local and state government agencies, which is recognized as revenue over the lease term.
As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, deferred revenue from rebates and incentives amounted to $29 million and $36 million, respectively.

We capitalize initial direct costs from the execution of agreements for solar energy systems and PPAs, which include the referral fees and sales
commissions, as an element of solar energy systems, net, and subsequently amortize these costs over the term of the related agreements.

65


-----


