g y g yp
countries in Asia and Europe, which we introduced in volume during the third quarter of 2020. Depending on the specific program, customers may or may not
have a right to return the vehicle to us during or at the end of the lease term. If the customer does not have a right to return, the customer will take title to the
vehicle at the end of the lease term after making all contractual payments. Under the programs for which there is a right to return, the purchase option is
reasonably certain to be exercised by the lessee and we therefore expect the customer to take title to the vehicle at the end of the lease term after making all
contractual payments. Qualifying customers are permitted to lease a vehicle directly under these programs for up to 48 months. Our loan arrangements under
these programs can have terms for up to 72 months. We recognize all revenue and costs associated with the sales-type lease as automotive leasing revenue and
automotive leasing cost of revenue, respectively, upon delivery of the vehicle to the customer. Interest income based on the implicit rate in the lease is recorded
to automotive leasing revenue over time as customers are invoiced on a monthly basis.

Energy Generation and Storage Segment

Energy Generation and Storage Sales

Energy generation and storage sales revenue consists of the sale of solar energy systems and energy storage systems to residential, small commercial,
and large commercial and utility grade customers, including solar subscription-based arrangements. Energy generation and storage sales revenue also includes
revenue from agreements for solar energy systems and PPAs that commence after January 1, 2019, which is recognized as earned, based on the amount of
capacity provided for solar energy systems or electricity delivered for PPAs at the contractual billing rates, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria have
been met. Under the practical expedient available under ASC 606-10-55-18, we recognize revenue based on the value of the service which is consistent with the
billing amount. Sales of solar energy systems to residential and small scale commercial customers consist of the engineering, design and installation of the
system. Post-installation, residential and small scale commercial customers receive a proprietary monitoring system that captures and displays historical energy
generation data. Residential and small scale commercial customers pay the full purchase price of the solar energy system upfront. Revenue for the design and
installation obligation is recognized when control transfers, which is when we install a solar energy system and the system passes inspection by the utility or
the authority having jurisdiction. Revenue for the monitoring service is recognized ratably as a stand-ready obligation over the warranty period of the solar
energy system. Sales of energy storage systems to residential and small scale commercial customers consist of the installation of the energy storage system and
revenue is recognized when control transfers, which is when the product has been delivered or, if we are performing installation, when installed and
commissioned. Payment for such storage systems is made upon invoice or in accordance with payment terms customary to the business.

For large commercial and utility grade solar energy system and energy storage system sales which consist of the engineering, design and installation of
the system, customers make milestone payments that are consistent with contract-specific phases of a project. Revenue from such contracts is recognized over
time using the percentage of completion method based on cost incurred as a percentage of total estimated contract costs for energy storage system sales and as
a percentage of total estimated labor hours for solar energy system sales. Certain large-scale commercial and utility grade solar energy system and energy
storage system sales also include operations and maintenance service which are negotiated with the design and installation contracts and are thus considered
to be a combined contract with the design and installation service. For certain large commercial and utility grade solar energy systems and energy storage
systems where the percentage of completion method does not apply, revenue is recognized when control transfers, which is when the product has been
delivered to the customer and commissioned for energy storage systems and when the project has received permission to operate from the utility for solar
energy systems. Operations and maintenance service revenue is recognized ratably over the respective contract term for solar energy system sales and upon
delivery of the service for energy storage system sales. Customer payments for such services are usually paid annually or quarterly in advance.

In instances where there are multiple performance obligations in a single contract, we allocate the consideration to the various obligations in the
contract based on the relative standalone selling price method. Standalone selling prices are estimated based on estimated costs plus margin or by using
market data for comparable products. Costs incurred on the sale of residential installations before the solar energy systems are completed are included as work
in process within inventory in the consolidated balance sheets. Any fees that are paid or payable by us to a solar loan lender would be recognized as an offset
against revenue. Costs to obtain a contract relate mainly to commissions paid to our sales personnel related to the sale of solar energy systems and energy
storage systems. As our contract costs related to solar energy system and energy storage system sales are typically fulfilled within one year, the costs to obtain
a contract are expensed as incurred.

36


-----


