In January 2021, we updated our investment policy to provide us with more flexibility to further diversify and maximize returns on our cash that is not
required to maintain adequate operating liquidity. As part of the policy, which was duly approved by the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, we may
invest a portion of such cash in certain alternative reserve assets including digital assets, gold bullion, gold exchange-traded funds and other assets as specified
in the future. Thereafter, we invested an aggregate $1.50 billion in bitcoin under this policy and may acquire and hold digital assets from time to time or longterm. Moreover, we expect to begin accepting bitcoin as a form of payment for our products in the near future, subject to applicable laws and initially on a
limited basis, which we may or may not liquidate upon receipt.

The prices of digital assets have been in the past and may continue to be highly volatile, including as a result of various associated risks and uncertainties.
For example, the prevalence of such assets is a relatively recent trend, and their long-term adoption by investors, consumers and businesses is unpredictable.
Moreover, their lack of a physical form, their reliance on technology for their creation, existence and transactional validation and their decentralization may
subject their integrity to the threat of malicious attacks and technological obsolescence. Finally, the extent to which securities laws or other regulations apply
or may apply in the future to such assets is unclear and may change in the future. If we hold digital assets and their values decrease relative to our purchase
prices, our financial condition may be harmed.

Moreover, digital assets are currently considered indefinite-lived intangible assets under applicable accounting rules, meaning that any decrease in their
fair values below our carrying values for such assets at any time subsequent to their acquisition will require us to recognize impairment charges, whereas we
may make no upward revisions for any market price increases until a sale, which may adversely affect our operating results in any period in which such
impairment occurs. Moreover, there is no guarantee that future changes in GAAP will not require us to change the way we account for digital assets held by us.

Finally, as intangible assets without centralized issuers or governing bodies, digital assets have been, and may in the future be, subject to security
breaches, cyberattacks or other malicious activities, as well as human errors or computer malfunctions that may result in the loss or destruction of private keys
needed to access such assets. While we intend to take all reasonable measures to secure any digital assets, if such threats are realized or the measures or
controls we create or implement to secure our digital assets fail, it could result in a partial or total misappropriation or loss of our digital assets, and our
financial condition and operating results may be harmed.

**We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates.**

We transact business globally in multiple currencies and have foreign currency risks related to our revenue, costs of revenue, operating expenses and
localized subsidiary debt denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, currently primarily the Chinese yuan, euro, Canadian dollar and British pound.
To the extent we have significant revenues denominated in such foreign currencies, any strengthening of the U.S. dollar would tend to reduce our revenues as
measured in U.S. dollars, as we have historically experienced. In addition, a portion of our costs and expenses have been, and we anticipate will continue to be,
denominated in foreign currencies, including the Chinese yuan and Japanese yen. If we do not have fully offsetting revenues in these currencies and if the value
of the U.S. dollar depreciates significantly against these currencies, our costs as measured in U.S. dollars as a percent of our revenues will correspondingly
increase and our margins will suffer. Moreover, while we undertake limited hedging activities intended to offset the impact of currency translation exposure, it
is impossible to predict or eliminate such impact. As a result, our operating results may be harmed.

**We may need to defend ourselves against intellectual property infringement claims, which may be time-consuming and expensive.**

Our competitors or other third parties may hold or obtain patents, copyrights, trademarks or other proprietary rights that could prevent, limit or
interfere with our ability to make, use, develop, sell or market our products and services, which could make it more difficult for us to operate our business.
From time to time, the holders of such intellectual property rights may assert their rights and urge us to take licenses and/or may bring suits alleging
infringement or misappropriation of such rights, which could result in substantial costs, negative publicity and management attention, regardless of merit.
While we endeavor to obtain and protect the intellectual property rights that we expect will allow us to retain or advance our strategic initiatives, there can be
no assurance that we will be able to adequately identify and protect the portions of intellectual property that are strategic to our business, or mitigate the risk
of potential suits or other legal demands by our competitors. Accordingly, we may consider the entering into licensing agreements with respect to such rights,
although no assurance can be given that such licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur, and such licenses and associated
litigation could significantly increase our operating expenses. In addition, if we are determined to have or believe there is a high likelihood that we have
infringed upon a third party’s intellectual property rights, we may be required to cease making, selling or incorporating certain components or intellectual
property into the goods and services we offer, to pay substantial damages and/or license royalties, to redesign our products and services and/or to establish and
maintain alternative

23


-----


