other extensions of credit received by such Credit Party and all interest, costs, fees and expenses attributable to such loans, advances or
other extensions of credit, then such Credit Party shall be reimbursed by the other Credit Parties within its group (Dutch or U.S. or UK)
for the amount of such excess, subject to the restrictions of the previous sentence. This Section 14.05 is intended only to define the
relative rights of Credit Parties, and nothing set forth in this Section 14.05 is intended or shall impair the obligations of each Credit Party
to pay the Obligations as and when the same shall become due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof.

14.06. Waiver. Each Borrower waives any right to require the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing
Lenders or the Lenders to (a) proceed against any other Borrower, any Guarantor or any other party, (b) proceed against or exhaust any
security held from any Borrower, any Guarantor or any other party or (c) pursue any other remedy in the Administrative Agent’s, the
Collateral Agent’s, any Issuing Lender’s or Lenders’ power whatsoever. Each Borrower waives any defense based on or arising out of
suretyship or any impairment of security held from any Borrower, any Guarantor or any other party or on or arising out of any defense of
any other Borrower, any Guarantor or any other party other than payment in full in cash of its Borrower Obligations, including any defense
based on or arising out of the disability of any other Borrower, any Guarantor or any other party, or the unenforceability of its Borrower
Obligations or any part thereof from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of any other Borrower, in each case other
than as a result of the payment in full in cash of its Borrower Obligations.

14.07. Limitation on Dutch Borrower Obligations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Credit
Document (including provisions that may override any other provision), in no event shall the Dutch Borrowers or any other Dutch Credit
Party guarantee or be deemed to have guaranteed or become liable or obligated on a joint and several basis or otherwise for, or to have
pledged any of its assets to secure, any direct U.S. Borrower Obligation or any direct UK Borrower Obligation under this Agreement or
under any of the other Credit Documents. All provisions contained in any Credit Document shall be interpreted consistently with this
Section 14.07 to the extent possible, and where such other provisions conflict with the provisions of this Section 14.07, the provisions of
this Section 14.07 shall govern.

14.08. Rights and Obligations. The obligations of the Swingline Lender, each Issuing Lender and each Lender under this
Agreement bind each of them severally. Failure by the Swingline Lender, any Issuing Lender or any Lender, as the case may be, to
perform its obligations under this Agreement does not affect the obligations of any other party under this Agreement. The Swingline
Lender, each Issuing Lender or each Lender is not responsible for the obligations of any other Swingline Lender, Issuing Lender or
Lender, as the case may be, under this Agreement. The rights, powers and remedies of the Swingline Lender, each Issuing Lender and
each Lender in connection with this Agreement are separate and independent rights, powers and remedies and any debt arising under this
Agreement to or for the account of the Swingline Lender, any Issuing Lender or any Lender from a Credit Party is a separate and
independent debt.

                                        - * *

201


-----


