and when proper filings have been made in the appropriate filing offices against each Dutch Credit Party, the Collateral Agent, for the
benefit of the Secured Creditors, will have a perfected security interest in all right, title and interest in all of the Collateral described
therein of such Dutch Credit Party, to the extent such security interest can be perfected by making such filings under Dutch law, subject
to no other Liens other than Permitted Liens (it being understood that the Permitted Liens described in Section 10.01(s) are subject to the
terms of the Intercreditor Agreement at any time that Permitted Additional Secured Indebtedness is outstanding).

8.12. Properties. Each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has good title to all material properties (and
to all land, buildings, fixtures and improvements located thereon) owned by it, including valid and marketable fee simple title to any
Eligible Real Property (except as sold or otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of business as permitted by the terms of this
Agreement or such defects in title as could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
effect on the conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole)), free and clear of all Liens, other than
Permitted Liens. Each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries have a valid leasehold interest in the material properties leased by it
free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens, and except for such defects in title as could not, either individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the use or operation of any such material property.

(c) The UK Security Agreement and each other Security Document governed by English law (when executed and delivered
by all parties thereto) are effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, a legal, valid and
enforceable security interest in all right, title and interest of the UK Credit Parties in all of the Collateral described therein, and when
proper filings have been made in the appropriate filing offices against each UK Credit Party, the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the
Secured Creditors, will have a perfected security interest in all right, title and interest in all of the Collateral described therein of such UK
Credit Party, to the extent such security interest can be perfected by making such filings under English law, subject to no other Liens
other than Permitted Liens (it being understood that the Permitted Liens described in Section 10.01(s) are subject to the terms of the
Intercreditor Agreement at any time that Permitted Additional Secured Indebtedness is outstanding).

8.12. [Reserved].

8.13. [Reserved].

8.14. Subsidiaries. On and as of the Effective Date, the Company has no Subsidiaries other than those Subsidiaries listed
on Schedule 8.14 to the Disclosure Letter. Schedule 8.14 to the Disclosure Letter sets forth, as of the Effective Date, (i) the percentage
ownership (direct and indirect) of the Company in each class of capital stock or other Equity Interests of each of its Subsidiaries and also
identifies the direct owner thereof, (ii) which Subsidiaries are Credit Parties (including whether they are U.S. Borrowers, Dutch
Borrowers, UK Borrowers, U.S. Subsidiary Guarantors, UK Guarantors or Dutch Guarantors) and (iii) which Subsidiaries are Immaterial
Subsidiaries. All outstanding Equity Interests of each Subsidiary of the Company (i) have been duly and validly issued, (ii) in the case of
any corporation, are fully paid and non-assessable and (iii) have been issued free of preemptive rights. No Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of
the Company has outstanding any securities convertible into or exchangeable for such Wholly-Owned Subsidiary’s Equity Interests or
outstanding any right to subscribe for or to purchase, or any options or warrants for the purchase of, or any agreement providing for the
issuance (contingent or

135


-----


