As of December 31, 2020, we and our subsidiaries had outstanding $10.57 billion in aggregate principal amount of indebtedness (see Note 12, Debt, to
the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). Our substantial consolidated indebtedness may increase our
vulnerability to any generally adverse economic and industry conditions. We and our subsidiaries may, subject to the limitations in the terms of our existing and
future indebtedness, incur additional debt, secure existing or future debt or recapitalize our debt.

Holders of convertible senior notes issued by us or our subsidiary may convert such notes at their option prior to the scheduled maturities of the
respective convertible senior notes under certain circumstances pursuant to the terms of such notes. Upon conversion of the applicable convertible senior
notes, we will be obligated to deliver cash and/or shares pursuant to the terms of such notes. For example, as our stock price has significantly increased
recently, we have seen higher levels of early conversions of such “in-the-money” convertible senior notes. Moreover, holders of such convertible senior notes
may have the right to require us to repurchase their notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change pursuant to the terms of such notes.

Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal and interest on our indebtedness when due, to make payments upon conversion or repurchase
demands with respect to our convertible senior notes or to refinance our indebtedness as we may need or desire, depends on our future performance, which is
subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the
future sufficient to satisfy our obligations under our existing indebtedness and any future indebtedness we may incur, and to make necessary capital
expenditures. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as reducing or delaying investments or
capital expenditures, selling assets, refinancing or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance
existing or future indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. In addition, our ability to make payments may be
limited by law, by regulatory authority or by agreements governing our future indebtedness. We may not be able to engage in these activities on desirable
terms or at all, which may result in a default on our existing or future indebtedness and harm our financial condition and operating results.

**Our debt agreements contain covenant restrictions that may limit our ability to operate our business.**

The terms of certain of our credit facilities, including our senior asset-based revolving credit agreement, contain, and any of our other future debt
agreements may contain, covenant restrictions that limit our ability to operate our business, including restrictions on our ability to, among other things, incur
additional debt or issue guarantees, create liens, repurchase stock, or make other restricted payments, and make certain voluntary prepayments of specified
debt. In addition, under certain circumstances we are required to comply with a fixed charge coverage ratio. As a result of these covenants, our ability to
respond to changes in business and economic conditions and engage in beneficial transactions, including to obtain additional financing as needed, may be
restricted. Furthermore, our failure to comply with our debt covenants could result in a default under our debt agreements, which could permit the holders to
accelerate our obligation to repay the debt. If any of our debt is accelerated, we may not have sufficient funds available to repay it.

**Additional funds may not be available to us when we need or want them.**

Our business and our future plans for expansion are capital-intensive, and the specific timing of cash inflows and outflows may fluctuate substantially
from period to period. We may need or want to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-related or debt securities or through obtaining
credit from financial institutions to fund, together with our principal sources of liquidity, the costs of developing and manufacturing our current or future
products, to pay any significant unplanned or accelerated expenses or for new significant strategic investments, or to refinance our significant consolidated
indebtedness, even if not required to do so by the terms of such indebtedness. We cannot be certain that additional funds will be available to us on favorable
terms when required, or at all. If we cannot raise additional funds when we need them, our financial condition, results of operations, business and prospects
could be materially and adversely affected.

**We may be negatively impacted by any early obsolescence of our manufacturing equipment.**

We depreciate the cost of our manufacturing equipment over their expected useful lives. However, product cycles or manufacturing technology may
change periodically, and we may decide to update our products or manufacturing processes more quickly than expected. Moreover, improvements in
engineering and manufacturing expertise and efficiency may result in our ability to manufacture our products using less of our currently installed equipment.
Alternatively, as we ramp and mature the production of our products to higher levels, we may discontinue the use of already installed equipment in favor of
different or additional equipment. The useful life of any equipment that would be retired early as a result would be shortened, causing the depreciation on such
equipment to be accelerated, and our results of operations may be harmed.

22


-----


