p y y p gy g
storage systems we sell for periods typically between 10 to 25 years. We accrue a warranty reserve for the products sold by us, which includes our best
estimate of the projected costs to repair or replace items under warranties and recalls when identified. These estimates are based on actual claims incurred to
date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims. These estimates are inherently uncertain given our relatively short history of sales,
and changes to our historical or projected warranty experience may cause material changes to the warranty reserve in the future. The warranty reserve does
not include projected warranty costs associated with our vehicles subject to operating lease accounting and our solar energy systems under lease contracts or
PPAs, as the costs to repair these warranty claims are expensed as incurred. The portion of the warranty reserve expected to be incurred within the next 12
months is included within accrued liabilities and other, while the remaining balance is included within other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance
sheets. Warranty expense is recorded as a component of cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of operations.

Stock-Based Compensation

We use the fair value method of accounting for our stock options and restricted stock units (“RSUs”) granted to employees and for our employee stock
purchase plan (the “ESPP”) to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for the stock-based awards. The fair value of stock option awards
with only service and/or performance conditions is estimated on the grant or offering date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Black-Scholes
option-pricing model requires inputs such as the risk-free interest rate, expected term and expected volatility. These inputs are subjective and generally require
significant judgment. The fair value of RSUs is measured on the grant date based on the closing fair market value of our common stock. The resulting cost is
recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the awards, usually the vesting period, which is generally
four years for stock options and RSUs and six months for the ESPP. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis, net of actual
forfeitures in the period.

For performance-based awards, stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the expected performance achievement period of individual
performance milestones when the achievement of each individual performance milestone becomes probable. For performance-based awards with a vesting
schedule based entirely on the attainment of both performance and market conditions, stock-based compensation expense associated with each tranche is
recognized over the longer of (i) the expected achievement period for the operational milestone for such tranche and (ii) the expected achievement period for
the related market capitalization milestone determined on the grant date, beginning at the point in time when the relevant operational milestone is considered
probable of being achieved. If such operational milestone becomes probable any time after the grant date, we will recognize a cumulative catch-up expense
from the grant date to that point in time. If the related market capitalization milestone is achieved earlier than its expected achievement period and the
achievement of the related operational milestone, then the stock-based compensation expense will be recognized over the expected achievement period for the
operational milestone, which may accelerate the rate at which such expense is recognized. If additional operational milestones become probable, stock-based
compensation expense will be recorded in the period it becomes probable including cumulative catch-up expense for the service provided since the grant date.
The fair value of such awards is estimated on the grant date using Monte Carlo simulations.

As we accumulate additional employee stock-based awards data over time and as we incorporate market data related to our common stock, we may
calculate significantly different volatilities and expected lives, which could materially impact the valuation of our stock-based awards and the stock-based
compensation expense that we will recognize in future periods. Stock-based compensation expense is recorded in cost of revenues, research and development
expense and selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations.

Income Taxes

We are subject to taxes in the U.S. and in many foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our
deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. We make these estimates and judgments about our
future taxable income that are based on assumptions that are consistent with our future plans. Tax laws, regulations and administrative practices may be
subject to change due to economic or political conditions including fundamental changes to the tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals. The U.S., many
countries in the European Union and a number of other countries are actively considering changes in this regard. As of December 31, 2020, we had recorded a
full valuation allowance on our net U.S. deferred tax assets because we expect that it is more likely than not that our U.S. deferred tax assets will not be
realized. Should the actual amounts differ from our estimates, the amount of our valuation allowance could be materially impacted.

38


-----


