proportionate share thereof and of the other matters required by the immediately preceding sentence to be specified in the Notice of
Borrowing.

(b) (i) Whenever a Borrower desires to incur Swingline Loans hereunder, such Borrower shall give the Swingline
Lender no later than 2:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the date that a Swingline Loan is to be incurred, written notice or telephonic
notice promptly confirmed in writing of each Swingline Loan to be incurred hereunder. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and specify
in each case (A) the date of Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day) and (B) the aggregate principal amount of the Swingline Loans to
be incurred pursuant to such Borrowing.

(ii) Mandatory Borrowings shall be made upon the notice specified in Section 2.01(c), with each Borrower
irrevocably agreeing, by its incurrence of any Swingline Loan or Agent Advance, to the making of the Mandatory Borrowings as
set forth in Section 2.01(c).

(c) Without in any way limiting the obligation of any Borrower to confirm in writing any telephonic notice of any
Borrowing or prepayment of Loans, the Administrative Agent or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be, may act without liability upon
the basis of telephonic notice of such Borrowing or prepayment, as the case may be, believed by the Administrative Agent or the Swingline
Lender, as the case may be, in good faith to be from an Authorized Officer of such Borrower, prior to receipt of written confirmation. In
each such case, such Borrower hereby waives the right to dispute the Administrative Agent’s or the Swingline Lender’s record of the
terms of such telephonic notice of such Borrowing or prepayment of Loans, as the case may be, absent manifest error.

2.04. Disbursement of Funds. No later than 3:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the date specified in each Notice of
Borrowing (or (x) in the case of Swingline Loans, no later than 4:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the date specified pursuant to Section
2.03(b) or (y) in the case of Mandatory Borrowings, no later than 3:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the date specified in Section 2.01(c)),
each Lender will make available its pro rata portion (determined in accordance with Section 2.07) of each such Borrowing requested to be
made on such date (or in the case of Swingline Loans, the Swingline Lender will make available the full amount thereof). All such amounts
will be made available in U.S. Dollars (in the case of Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars), in Euros (in the case of Euro Denominated Loans)
or in the applicable Acceptable Foreign Currency (in the case of Foreign Currency Denominated Loans), as the case may be, and in
immediately available funds at the Payment Office, and the Administrative Agent will, except in the case of Revolving Loans made
pursuant to a Mandatory Borrowing or as otherwise provided in the last sentence of Section 3.05(a), make available to the relevant
Borrower or Borrowers to such account as the applicable Borrower or Borrowers may specify in writing to the Administrative Agent prior
to the requested Borrowing date, the aggregate of the amounts so made available by the Lenders; provided that, if, on the date of a
Borrowing of Revolving Loans (other than a Mandatory Borrowing), there are Unpaid Drawings or Swingline Loans then outstanding, then
the proceeds of such Borrowing shall be applied, first, to the payment in full of any such Unpaid Drawings with respect to Letters of
Credit, second, to the payment in full of any such Swingline Loans, and third, to the relevant Borrower as otherwise provided
above. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by any Lender prior to the date of Borrowing that such Lender does not
intend to make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s portion of any Borrowing to be made on such date, the Administrative
Agent may assume that such Lender has made such amount available to the Administrative Agent on such date of Borrowing and the
Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), in reliance upon such assumption, make

84


-----


