We offer financing arrangements for our vehicles in North America, Europe and Asia primarily through various financial institutions. We also currently
offer vehicle financing arrangements directly through our local subsidiaries in certain markets. Depending on the country, such arrangements are available for
specified models and may include operating leases directly with us under which we typically receive only a very small portion of the total vehicle purchase price
at the time of lease, followed by a stream of payments over the term of the lease. We have also offered various arrangements for customers of our solar energy
systems whereby they pay us a fixed payment to lease or finance the purchase of such systems or purchase electricity generated by them. If we do not
successfully monitor and comply with applicable national, state and/or local financial regulations and consumer protection laws governing these transactions,
we may become subject to enforcement actions or penalties.

The profitability of any directly-leased vehicles returned to us at the end of their leases depends on our ability to accurately project our vehicles’ residual
values at the outset of the leases, and such values may fluctuate prior to the end of their terms depending on various factors such as supply and demand of our
used vehicles, economic cycles and the pricing of new vehicles. We have made in the past and may make in the future certain adjustments to our prices from
time to time in the ordinary course of business, which may impact the residual values of our vehicles and reduce the profitability of our vehicle leasing program.
The funding and growth of this program also relies on our ability to secure adequate financing and/or business partners. If we are unable to adequately fund our
leasing program through internal funds, partners or other financing sources, and compelling alternative financing programs are not available for our customers
who may expect or need such options, we may be unable to grow our vehicle deliveries. Furthermore, if our vehicle leasing business grows substantially, our
business may suffer if we cannot effectively manage the resulting greater levels of residual risk.

Similarly, we have provided resale value guarantees to vehicle customers and partners for certain financing programs, under which such counterparties
may sell their vehicles back to us at certain points in time at pre-determined amounts. However, actual resale values are subject to fluctuations over the term of
the financing arrangements, such as from the vehicle pricing changes discussed above. If the actual resale values of any vehicles resold or returned to us
pursuant to these programs are materially lower than the pre-determined amounts we have offered, our financial condition and operating results may be
harmed.

Finally, our vehicle and solar energy system financing programs and our energy storage sales programs also expose us to customer credit risk. In the
event of a widespread economic downturn or other catastrophic event, our customers may be unable or unwilling to satisfy their payment obligations to us on a
timely basis or at all. If a significant number of our customers default, we may incur substantial credit losses and/or impairment charges with respect to the
underlying assets.

**We must manage ongoing obligations under our agreement with the Research Foundation for the State University of New York relating to**
**our Gigafactory New York.**

We are party to an operating lease and a research and development agreement through the SUNY Foundation. These agreements provide for the
construction and use of our Gigafactory New York, which we have primarily used for the development and production of our Solar Roof and other solar products
and components, energy storage components and Supercharger components, and for other lessor-approved functions. Under this agreement, we are obligated
to, among other things, meet employment targets as well as specified minimum numbers of personnel in the State of New York and in Buffalo, New York and
spend or incur $5.00 billion in combined capital, operational expenses, costs of goods sold and other costs in the State of New York during the 10-year period
beginning April 30, 2018. As we temporarily suspended most of our manufacturing operations at Gigafactory New York pursuant to a New York State executive
order issued in March 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we were granted a one-year deferral of our obligation to be compliant with our applicable
targets under such agreement on April 30, 2020, which was memorialized in an amendment to our agreement with the SUNY Foundation in July 2020. While we
expect to have and grow significant operations at Gigafactory New York and the surrounding Buffalo area, any failure by us in any year over the course of the
term of the agreement to meet all applicable future obligations may result in our obligation to pay a “program payment” of $41 million to the SUNY Foundation
for such year, the termination of our lease at Gigafactory New York which may require us to pay additional penalties and/or the need to adjust certain of our
operations, in particular our production ramp of the Solar Roof or other components. Any of the foregoing events may harm our business, financial condition
and operating results.

**If we are unable to attract, hire and retain key employees and qualified personnel, our ability to compete may be harmed.**

The loss of the services of any of our key employees or any significant portion of our workforce could disrupt our operations or delay the development,
introduction and ramp of our products and services. In particular, we are highly dependent on the services of Elon Musk, our Chief Executive Officer. None of
our key employees is bound by an employment agreement for any specific term and we may not be able to successfully attract and retain senior leadership
necessary to grow our business. Our future success also depends upon our ability to attract, hire and retain a large number of engineering, manufacturing,
marketing, sales and delivery, service, installation, technology and support personnel, especially to support our planned high-volume product sales, market and
geographical

19


-----


