p p y p q p gy y g p p y g p
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. We measure recoverability by comparing the
carrying amount to the future undiscounted cash flows that the asset is expected to generate. If the asset is not recoverable, its carrying amount would be
adjusted down to its fair value. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we have recognized no material impairments of our long-lived assets. For the years
ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, we have recognized certain impairments of our long-lived assets (refer to Note 22, Restructuring and Other, for further
details).

Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which range from one to thirty years.

Goodwill

We assess goodwill for impairment annually in the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be
impaired, by comparing its carrying value to the reporting unit’s fair value. For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, we had not recognized
any impairment of goodwill.

Capitalization of Software Costs

For costs incurred in development of internal use software, we capitalize costs incurred during the application development stage to property, plant and
equipment, net on the consolidated balance sheets. Costs related to preliminary project activities and post-implementation activities are expensed as incurred.
Internal use software is amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of three years. We evaluate the useful lives of these assets on an annual
basis, and we test for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets.

Foreign Currency

We determine the functional and reporting currency of each of our international subsidiaries and their operating divisions based on the primary
currency in which they operate. In cases where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, we recognize a cumulative translation adjustment created by the
different rates we apply to current period income or loss and the balance sheet. For each subsidiary, we apply the monthly average functional exchange rate to
its monthly income or loss and the month-end functional currency rate to translate the balance sheet.

Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are a result of the effect of exchange rate changes on transactions denominated in currencies other than
the functional currency. Transaction gains and losses are recognized in other (expense) income, net, in the consolidated statements of operations. For the years
ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, we recorded net foreign currency transaction losses of $114 million, gains of $48 million and gains of $2 million,
respectively.

72


-----


