“Participant” shall have the meaning provided in Section 3.04(a).

“Participant Register” shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.0413.05(e).

“Patriot Act” shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.1813.19.

“Payment Conditions” shall mean that either of the following conditions are satisfied at the time of each action or proposed
action and immediately after giving effect thereto: (a) there is no Default or Event of Default existing immediately before or after the
action or proposed action and Designated Cash is equal to or in excess of the Liquidity Threshold, or (b) there is no Default or Event of
Default existing immediately before or after the action or proposed action and either (i) the Company shall be in compliance with a Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.00:1.00 for the Calculation Period then most recently ended on a Pro Forma Basis as if such
action or proposed action had occurred on the first day of such Calculation Period or (ii) 30-Day Excess Availability and Excess Availability
on the date of the action or proposed action (calculated after giving effect to the Borrowing of any Loans or issuance of any Letters of
Credit in connection with the action or proposed action (and assuming that such Loans and Letters of Credit had remained outstanding
throughout the applicable 30-day period (or such shorter period, if applicable) for which 30-Day Excess Availability is to be determined))
exceed 15% of the Availability at such time; provided that the Company shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate of an
Authorized Officer of the Company certifying as to (i) compliance with the preceding clauses (a) or (b) and (ii) demonstrating (in
reasonable detail) the calculations required by the preceding clause (b).

“Payment Office” shall mean the office of the Administrative Agent located at 5022 Gate Parkway, Suite 100, Jacksonville, FL
32256 (or such other office as the Administrative Agent may hereafter designate in writing as such to the other parties hereto).

“PBGC” shall mean the U.S. Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

“Perfected Belgian Liens” shall mean, with respect to any Inventory, that such Inventory is subject to a First Priority perfected
Lien under Belgian law.

“Perfected Dutch Liens” shall mean, with respect to any Inventory, that such Inventory is subject to a First Priority perfected
Lien under the law of the Netherlands.

“Perfected U.S. Liens” shall mean, with respect to any Inventory, that such Inventory is subject to a First Priority perfected Lien
under New York law.

“Permitted Additional Indebtedness” shall mean Permitted Additional Unsecured Indebtedness and Permitted Additional
Secured Indebtedness.

“Permitted Additional Indebtedness Documents” shall mean Permitted Additional Unsecured Indebtedness Documents and
Permitted Additional Secured Indebtedness Documents.

“Permitted Additional Secured Indebtedness” shall have the meaning provided in Section 10.04(n).

55


-----


