perception that our products, their systems or data are capable of being hacked, may harm our brand, prospects and operating results. We have been the
subject of such reports in the past.

**Our business may be adversely affected by any disruptions caused by union activities.**

It is not uncommon for employees of certain trades at companies such as us to belong to a union, which can result in higher employee costs and
increased risk of work stoppages. Moreover, regulations in some jurisdictions outside of the U.S. mandate employee participation in industrial collective
bargaining agreements and work councils with certain consultation rights with respect to the relevant companies’ operations. Although we work diligently to
provide the best possible work environment for our employees, they may still decide to join or seek recognition to form a labor union, or we may be required to
become a union signatory. From time to time, labor unions have engaged in campaigns to organize certain of our operations, as part of which such unions have
filed unfair labor practice charges against us with the National Labor Relations Board, and they may do so in the future. In September 2019, an administrative
law judge issued a recommended decision for Tesla on certain issues and against us on certain others. The National Labor Relations Board has not yet adopted
the recommendation and we have appealed certain aspects of the recommended decision. Any unfavorable ultimate outcome for Tesla may have a negative
impact on the perception of Tesla’s treatment of our employees. Furthermore, we are directly or indirectly dependent upon companies with unionized work
forces, such as suppliers and trucking and freight companies. Any work stoppages or strikes organized by such unions could delay the manufacture and sale of
our products and may harm our business and operating results.

**We may choose to or be compelled to undertake product recalls or take other similar actions.**

As a manufacturing company, we must manage the risk of product recalls with respect to our products. Recalls for our vehicles have resulted from, for
example, industry-wide issues with airbags from a particular supplier, concerns of corrosion in Model S and Model X power steering assist motor bolts, certain
suspension failures in Model S and Model X and issues with Model S and Model X media control units. In addition to recalls initiated by us for various causes,
testing of or investigations into our products by government regulators or industry groups may compel us to initiate product recalls or may result in negative
public perceptions about the safety of our products, even if we disagree with the defect determination or have data that shows the actual safety risk to be nonexistent. In the future, we may voluntarily or involuntarily initiate recalls if any of our products are determined by us or a regulator to contain a safety defect or
be noncompliant with applicable laws and regulations, such as U.S. federal motor vehicle safety standards. Such recalls, whether voluntary or involuntary or
caused by systems or components engineered or manufactured by us or our suppliers, could result in significant expense, supply chain complications and
service burdens, and may harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.

**Our current and future warranty reserves may be insufficient to cover future warranty claims.**

We provide a manufacturer’s warranty on all new and used Tesla vehicles we sell. We also provide certain warranties with respect to the energy
generation and storage systems we sell, including on their installation and maintenance, and for components not manufactured by us, we generally pass
through to our customers the applicable manufacturers’ warranties. As part of our energy generation and storage system contracts, we may provide the
customer with performance guarantees that warrant that the underlying system will meet or exceed the minimum energy generation or other energy
performance requirements specified in the contract. Under these performance guarantees, we bear the risk of electricity production or other performance
shortfalls, even if they result from failures in components from third party manufacturers. These risks are exacerbated in the event such manufacturers cease
operations or fail to honor their warranties.

If our warranty reserves are inadequate to cover future warranty claims on our products, our financial condition and operating results may be harmed.
Warranty reserves include our management’s best estimates of the projected costs to repair or to replace items under warranty, which are based on actual
claims incurred to date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims. Such estimates are inherently uncertain and changes to our
historical or projected experience, especially with respect to products such as Model 3, Model Y and Solar Roof that we have recently introduced and/or that we
expect to produce at significantly greater volumes than our past products, may cause material changes to our warranty reserves in the future.

**Our insurance coverage strategy may not be adequate to protect us from all business risks.**

We may be subject, in the ordinary course of business, to losses resulting from products liability, accidents, acts of God and other claims against us, for
which we may have no insurance coverage. As a general matter, we do not maintain as much insurance coverage as many other companies do, and in some
cases, we do not maintain any at all. Additionally, the policies that we do have may include significant deductibles or self-insured retentions, policy limitations
and exclusions, and we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover all future losses or claims against us. A loss that is uninsured or
which exceeds policy limits may require us to pay substantial amounts, which may harm our financial condition and operating results.

21


-----


