Settlement of any Permitted Convertible Notes or any SolarCity Convertible Notes at their respective final maturity date or upon
conversion thereof and, (yx) customary mandatory repayments associated with customary excess cash flow provisions and with asset sales,
casualty and condemnation events, the incurrence of Indebtedness for borrowed money and the issuance of Equity Interests (but only to
the extent made with the net cash proceeds from such asset sales, casualty and condemnation events, incurrences of Indebtedness and
issuance of Equity Interests) and (y) payments in connection with the refinancing of Indebtedness) (for the avoidance of doubt, this clause
(a) shall not apply to payments made under any working capital facility), plus (b) Consolidated Interest Expense of the Company and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries for such period payable in cash, plus (c) the Net RVG Repurchase Amount for such period.

“Flood Insurance Laws” shall mean, collectively, (i) National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 (which comprehensively
revised the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 and the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973) as now or hereafter in effect or any
successor statute thereto, (ii) the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto and
(iii) the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto.

“Foreign Currency” shall mean any currency other than U.S. Dollars which is (a) readily available and freely transferable and
convertible into U.S. Dollars and (b) available in the London interbank deposit market.

“Foreign Currency Denominated Loans” shall mean each Loan denominated in an Acceptable Foreign Currency at the time of
the incurrence thereof.

“Foreign Lender” shall mean any Lender that is not a U.S. Person.

“Foreign Pension Plan” shall mean any plan, fund (including any superannuation fund) or other similar program established or
maintained outside the United States by the Company or any one or more of its Subsidiaries primarily for the benefit of employees of the
Company or such Subsidiaries residing outside the United States, which plan, fund or other similar program provides, or results in,
retirement income, a deferral of income in contemplation of retirement or payments to be made upon termination of employment, and
which plan is not subject to ERISA or the Code.

“Foreign Subsidiary” of any Person shall mean any Subsidiary of such Person that is not a Domestic Subsidiary of such Person.

“Foreign Taxes” shall mean any tax imposed by EC Directive 2006/112/EC on the Common System of value added tax, and any
national legislation implementing that directive (including the United Kingdom’s Value Added Tax Act 1994), together with any legislation
supplemental thereto, and any other tax of a similar nature and all penalties, costs and interest related thereto (including any Canadian
harmonized sales tax, goods and service tax or any other sales tax imposed by Canada or any province or territory thereof).

“Fremont Factory” shall mean the Company’s factory located at 45500 Fremont Blvd., Fremont, California and ancillary
supporting locations located in the United States and designated by the Company as a “Fremont ancillary location” in writing to the
Administrative Agent.

44


-----


