regulation, and international or foreign emissions trading program.

“Stated Amount” of each Letter of Credit shall mean, at any time, the maximum amount available to be drawn thereunder in
each case determined (x) as if any future automatic increases in the maximum amount available that are provided for in any such Letter of
Credit had in fact occurred at such time and (y) without regard to whether any conditions to drawing could then be met but after giving
effect to all previous drawings made thereunder; provided that the “Stated Amount” of each Letter of Credit denominated in a currency
other than U.S. Dollars shall be, on any date of calculation, the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the maximum amount available to be drawn in the
respective currency thereunder (determined without regard to whether any conditions to drawing could then be met).

“Sterling” and the designation “£” shall mean the lawful currency of the United Kingdom.

“Subsidiary” shall mean, as to any Person, (i) any corporation more than 50% of whose stock of any class or classes having by
the terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether or not at the time
stock of any class or classes of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is
at the time owned by such Person and/or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person or (ii) any partnership, limited liability company,
association, joint venture or other entity in which such Person and/or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person has more than a 50% equity
interest at the time; provided however, except as expressly provided herein, neither SolarCity nor any Subsidiary of SolarCity shall
constitute a Subsidiary of the Company or any Subsidiaries of the Company, and neither SolarCity nor any Subsidiary of SolarCity shall be
subject to the restrictions, terms or requirements applicable to Subsidiaries contained herein or in any other Credit Document. Unless
otherwise qualified, all references to a “Subsidiary” or to “Subsidiaries” in this Agreement shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the
Company.

“Subsidiary Guarantor” shall mean each U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor and, each Dutch Subsidiary Guarantor and each UK
Subsidiary Guarantor.

“Supermajority Lenders” shall mean those Non-Defaulting Lenders which would constitute the Required Lenders under, and as
defined in, this Agreement, if the reference to “a majority” contained therein were changed to “66⅔%”.

“Supported QFC” shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.26.

“Swap Obligation” shall mean, with respect to any Person, any Interest Rate Protection Agreement or Other Hedging
Agreement that constitutes a “swap” within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

“Swingline Expiry Date” shall mean that date which is five Business Days prior to the Final Maturity Date.

“Swingline Lender” shall mean the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as Swingline Lender hereunder.

“Swingline Loan” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.01(b).

68


-----


