p p g p p g y p p p
of the consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs
and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience, as appropriate, and on various other assumptions that we believe to be
reasonable under the circumstances. Changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. Accordingly, actual results could
differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. To the extent that there are
material differences between these estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows may be affected.

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, there has been uncertainty and disruption in the global economy and financial markets. The estimates used for, but not
limited to, determining significant economic incentive for resale value guarantee arrangements, sales return reserves, the collectability of accounts receivable,
inventory valuation, fair value of long-lived assets, goodwill, fair value of financial instruments, fair value and residual value of operating lease vehicles and
solar energy systems subject to leases could be impacted. We have assessed the impact and are not aware of any specific events or circumstances that required
an update to our estimates and assumptions or materially affected the carrying value of our assets or liabilities as of the date of issuance of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. These estimates may change as new events occur and additional information is obtained. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates
under different assumptions or conditions.

Revenue Recognition

Automotive Segment

Automotive Sales Revenue

Automotive Sales without Resale Value Guarantee

Automotive sales revenue includes revenues related to deliveries of new vehicles and pay-per-use charges, and specific other features and services that
meet the definition of a performance obligation under ASC 606, including access to our Supercharger network, internet connectivity, FSD features and overthe-air software updates. We recognize revenue on automotive sales upon delivery to the customer, which is when the control of a vehicle transfers. Payments
are typically received at the point control transfers or in accordance with payment terms customary to the business. Other features and services such as access
to our Supercharger network, internet connectivity and over-the-air software updates are provisioned upon control transfer of a vehicle and recognized over
time on a straight-line basis as we have a stand-ready obligation to deliver such services to the customer. We recognize revenue related to these other features
and services over the performance period, which is generally the expected ownership life of the vehicle or the eight-year life of the vehicle. Revenue related to
FSD features is recognized when functionality is delivered to the customer. For our obligations related to automotive sales, we estimate standalone selling price
by considering costs used to develop and deliver the service, third-party pricing of similar options and other information that may be available.

At the time of revenue recognition, we reduce the transaction price and record a sales return reserve against revenue for estimated variable
consideration related to future product returns based on historical experience. In addition, any fees that are paid or payable by us to a customer’s lender when
we arrange the financing are recognized as an offset against automotive sales revenue.

Costs to obtain a contract mainly relate to commissions paid to our sales personnel for the sale of vehicles. Commissions are not paid on other
obligations such as access to our Supercharger network, internet connectivity, FSD features and over-the-air software updates. As our contract costs related to
automotive sales are typically fulfilled within one year, the costs to obtain a contract are expensed as incurred. Amounts billed to customers related to shipping
and handling are classified as automotive sales revenue, and we have elected to recognize the cost for freight and shipping when control over vehicles, parts or
accessories have transferred to the customer as an expense in cost of automotive sales revenue. Our policy is to exclude taxes collected from a customer from
the transaction price of automotive contracts.

Automotive Sales with Resale Value Guarantee or a Buyback Option

We offer resale value guarantees or similar buy-back terms to certain international customers who purchase vehicles and who finance their vehicles
through one of our specified commercial banking partners. We also offer resale value guarantees in connection with automotive sales to certain leasing
partners. Under these programs, we receive full payment for the vehicle sales price at the time of delivery and our counterparty has the option of selling their
vehicle back to us during the guarantee period, which currently is generally at the end of the term of the applicable loan or financing program, for a predetermined resale value.

34


-----


