judgment, liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, legal, equitable, secured, or
unsecured. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and
circumstances available at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.

(c) Except as fully disclosed in the financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 8.05(a), and except for the
Indebtedness incurred under the Credit Documents and Existing Indebtedness and liabilities or obligations arising in the ordinary course
of business, there were as of the Effective Date no liabilities or obligations with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any
nature whatsoever (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise and whether or not due) which, either individually or in the
aggregate, could reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole).[Reserved].

(d) After giving effect to the Transaction, sSince December 31, 20182019, nothing has occurred that has had, or could
reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

8.06. Litigation. There are no actions, suits, claims, demands, investigations, audits, charges or proceedings by or before
any Governmental Authority pending or, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of the Company, threatened in writing (i) that
purports to affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any Credit Document or (ii) that has had, or could reasonably be expected to
have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

8.07. True and Complete Disclosure. All factual information (other than projections and information of a general
economic or industry nature) (taken as a whole) furnished by or on behalf of the Company or any other Borrower in writing to any Agent
or any Lender for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement, the other Credit Documents or any transaction contemplated herein
or therein, taken as a whole and together with the Company’s filings with the SEC, is true and accurate in all material respects on the date
as of which such information is dated or certified and not incomplete by omitting to state any fact necessary to make such information
(taken as a whole) not misleading in any material respect at such time in light of the circumstances under which such information was
provided.

8.08. Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations. (a) All proceeds of the Loans will be used for the working capital and general
corporate purposes (including Acquisitions) of the Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries; provided that the proceeds of Swingline
Loans shall not be used to refinance then outstanding Swingline Loans.

(b) No part of any Credit Event (or the proceeds thereof) will be used to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or to extend
credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock. Neither the making of any Loan nor the use of the proceeds thereof
nor the occurrence of any other Credit Event will violate or be inconsistent with the provisions of in manner that violates Regulation T, U
or X. Not more than 25% of the value of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole is represented by Margin Stock.

8.09. Tax Returns and Payments. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be timely filed
with the appropriate taxing authority all U.S. federal and other material returns, statements, forms and reports for taxes (the “Returns”)
required to be filed by, or with respect to the

132


-----


