Employees may leave Tesla or choose other employers over Tesla due to various factors, such as a very competitive labor market for talented individuals
with automotive or technology experience, or any negative publicity related to us. In California, Nevada and other regions where we have operations, there is
increasing competition for individuals with skillsets needed for our business, including specialized knowledge of electric vehicles, software engineering,
manufacturing engineering and electrical and building construction expertise. Moreover, we may be impacted by perceptions relating to reductions in force
that we have conducted in the past in order to optimize our organizational structure and reduce costs and the departure of certain senior personnel for various
reasons. Likewise, as a result of our temporary suspension of various U.S. manufacturing operations in the first half of 2020, in April 2020 we temporarily
furloughed certain hourly employees and reduced most salaried employees’ base salaries. We also compete with both mature and prosperous companies that
have far greater financial resources than we do and start-ups and emerging companies that promise short-term growth opportunities.

Finally, our compensation philosophy for all of our personnel reflects our startup origins, with an emphasis on equity-based awards and benefits in order
to closely align their incentives with the long-term interests of our stockholders. We periodically seek and obtain approval from our stockholders for future
increases to the number of awards available under our equity incentive and employee stock purchase plans. If we are unable to obtain the requisite stockholder
approvals for such future increases, we may have to expend additional cash to compensate our employees and our ability to retain and hire qualified personnel
may be harmed.

**We are highly dependent on the services of Elon Musk, our Chief Executive Officer.**

We are highly dependent on the services of Elon Musk, our Chief Executive Officer and largest stockholder. Although Mr. Musk spends significant time
with Tesla and is highly active in our management, he does not devote his full time and attention to Tesla. Mr. Musk also currently serves as Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Technical Officer of Space Exploration Technologies Corp., a developer and manufacturer of space launch vehicles, and is involved in other
emerging technology ventures.

**We must manage risks relating to our information technology systems and the threat of intellectual property theft, data breaches and**
**cyber-attacks.**

We must continue to expand and improve our information technology systems as our operations grow, such as product data management, procurement,
inventory management, production planning and execution, sales, service and logistics, dealer management, financial, tax and regulatory compliance systems.
This includes the implementation of new internally developed systems and the deployment of such systems in the U.S. and abroad. We must also continue to
maintain information technology measures designed to protect us against intellectual property theft, data breaches, sabotage and other external or internal
cyber-attacks or misappropriation. However, the implementation, maintenance, segregation and improvement of these systems require significant management
time, support and cost, and there are inherent risks associated with developing, improving and expanding our core systems as well as implementing new
systems and updating current systems, including disruptions to the related areas of business operation. These risks may affect our ability to manage our data
and inventory, procure parts or supplies or manufacture, sell, deliver and service products, adequately protect our intellectual property or achieve and maintain
compliance with, or realize available benefits under, tax laws and other applicable regulations.

Moreover, if we do not successfully implement, maintain or expand these systems as planned, our operations may be disrupted, our ability to accurately
and/or timely report our financial results could be impaired and deficiencies may arise in our internal control over financial reporting, which may impact our
ability to certify our financial results. Moreover, our proprietary information or intellectual property could be compromised or misappropriated and our
reputation may be adversely affected. If these systems or their functionality do not operate as we expect them to, we may be required to expend significant
resources to make corrections or find alternative sources for performing these functions.

**Any unauthorized control or manipulation of our products’ systems could result in loss of confidence in us and our products.**

Our products contain complex information technology systems. For example, our vehicles and energy storage products are designed with built-in data
connectivity to accept and install periodic remote updates from us to improve or update their functionality. While we have implemented security measures
intended to prevent unauthorized access to our information technology networks, our products and their systems, malicious entities have reportedly attempted,
and may attempt in the future, to gain unauthorized access to modify, alter and use such networks, products and systems to gain control of, or to change, our
products’ functionality, user interface and performance characteristics or to gain access to data stored in or generated by our products. We encourage
reporting of potential vulnerabilities in the security of our products through our security vulnerability reporting policy, and we aim to remedy any reported and
verified vulnerability. However, there can be no assurance that any vulnerabilities will not be exploited before they can be identified, or that our remediation
efforts are or will be successful.

20


-----


