weeks based on the contractual payment terms with such partners. Our accounts receivable balances associated with our sales of regulatory credits, which are
typically transferred to other manufacturers during the last few days of the quarter, is dependent on contractual payment terms. Additionally, government
rebates can take up to a year or more to be collected depending on the customary processing timelines of the specific jurisdictions issuing them. These various
factors may have a significant impact on our accounts receivable balance from period to period.

MyPower Customer Notes Receivable

We have customer notes receivable under the legacy MyPower loan program. MyPower was offered by one of our subsidiaries to provide residential
customers with the option to finance the purchase of a solar energy system through a 30-year loan. The outstanding balances, net of any allowance for credit
losses, are presented on the consolidated balance sheet as a component of prepaid expenses and other current assets for the current portion and as other noncurrent assets for the long-term portion. We adopted ASC 326, Financial Instruments – Credit Losses, on January 1, 2020 on a modified retrospective basis.
Under ASC 326, expected credit loss for customer notes receivable are measured on a collective basis and are determined as the difference between the
amortized cost basis and the present value of cash flows expected to be collected. In determining expected credit losses, we consider our historical level of
credit losses, current economic trends, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the future cash flows. We write-off customer
notes receivable when they are deemed uncollectible and the amount of potentially uncollectible amounts has been insignificant. Using a modified retrospective
approach for the impact upon adoption, we recorded an increase to the allowance for credit losses of $37 million on January 1, 2020, with an offset to
accumulated deficit. As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the total outstanding balance of MyPower customer notes receivable, net of allowance for credit
losses, was $334 million and $402 million, respectively, of which $9 million was due in the next 12 months as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. As
of December 31, 2020, the allowance for credit losses was $45 million. In addition, there were no material non-accrual or past due customer notes receivable as
of December 31, 2020.

Concentration of Risk

Credit Risk

Financial instruments that potentially subject us to a concentration of credit risk consist of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable,
convertible note hedges, and interest rate swaps. Our cash balances are primarily invested in money market funds or on deposit at high credit quality financial
institutions in the U.S. These deposits are typically in excess of insured limits. As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, no entity represented 10% or more of our
total accounts receivable balance. The risk of concentration for our convertible note hedges and interest rate swaps is mitigated by transacting with several
highly-rated multinational banks.

Supply Risk

We are dependent on our suppliers, the majority of which are single source suppliers, and the inability of these suppliers to deliver necessary
components of our products in a timely manner at prices, quality levels and volumes acceptable to us, or our inability to efficiently manage these components
from these suppliers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.

Although all of our manufacturing facilities are operational, and we continue to increase our output and add additional capacity and are working with
each of our suppliers and government agencies on meeting, ramping and sustaining our production, our ability to sustain this trajectory depends, among other
things, on the readiness and solvency of our suppliers and vendors through any macroeconomic factors resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic.

Inventory Valuation

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is computed using standard cost for vehicles and energy storage products, which
approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis. In addition, cost for solar energy systems is recorded using actual cost. We record inventory write-downs
for excess or obsolete inventories based upon assumptions about current and future demand forecasts. If our inventory on-hand is in excess of our future
demand forecast, the excess amounts are written-off.

We also review our inventory to determine whether its carrying value exceeds the net amount realizable upon the ultimate sale of the inventory. This
requires us to determine the estimated selling price of our vehicles less the estimated cost to convert the inventory on-hand into a finished product. Once
inventory is written-down, a new, lower cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the
restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis.

Should our estimates of future selling prices or production costs change, additional and potentially material increases to this reserve may be required. A
small change in our estimates may result in a material charge to our reported financial results.

70


-----


