such payment or disbursement from and including the date paid or disbursed to but excluding the date such Issuing Lender was
reimbursed by any U.S. Borrower or, any Dutch Borrower or any UK Borrower, as applicable, at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate
as in effect from time to time plus the Applicable Margin as in effect from time to time for U.S. Dollar Denominated Revolving Loans that
are maintained as Base Rate Loans; provided, however, to the extent such amounts are not reimbursed prior to 2:00 P.M. (New York City
time) on the third Business Day following the receipt by any U.S. Borrower or, any Dutch Borrower or any UK Borrower, as applicable, of
notice of such payment or disbursement or following the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default under Section 11.05, interest shall
thereafter accrue on the amounts so paid or disbursed by such Issuing Lender (and until reimbursed by any U.S. Borrower or, any Dutch
Borrower or UK Borrower, as applicable) at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate as in effect from time to time plus the Applicable
Margin for U.S. Dollar Denominated Revolving Loans that are maintained as Base Rate Loans as in effect from time to time plus 2%, with
such interest to be payable on demand. Amounts paid to the Administrative Agent in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence
shall be promptly disbursed to the applicable Issuing Lender. Each Issuing Lender shall give the applicable U.S. Borrowers or, Dutch
Borrowers or UK Borrowers, as the case may be, prompt written notice of each Drawing under any Letter of Credit issued by it for the
account of such U.S. Borrowers or, Dutch Borrowers or UK Borrowers, as the case may be; provided that the failure to give any such
notice shall in no way affect, impair or diminish the obligations of any such Borrower to reimburse such Unpaid Drawing. Each Drawing
under any Letter of Credit shall (unless (x) the Company notifies the Administrative Agent in writing to the contrary, (y) the Borrowers are
unable to satisfy the conditions precedent to the making of Revolving Loans set forth in Section 7, or (z) (i) with respect to Drawings under
Letters of Credit issued for the account of any U.S. Borrower, the Aggregate U.S. Borrower Exposure at such time exceeds 100% (or,
during an Agent Advance Period, 105%) of the U.S. Borrowing Base at such time, (ii) with respect to Drawings under Letters of Credit
issued for the account of any Dutch Borrower, the Aggregate Dutch Borrower Exposure at such time exceeds the 100% (or, during an
Agent Advance Period, 105%) of the Dutch Borrowing Base at such time, (iii) with respect to Drawing under Letters of Credit issued for
the account of any UK Borrower, the Aggregate UK Borrower Exposure at such time exceeds 100% (or, during an Agent Advance Period,
105%) of the UK Borrower Base at such time or (iv) the Aggregate Exposure at such time exceeds the Total Revolving Loan Commitment
at such time or (iv) during a Reduced Availability Period, Excess Availability is less than 10% of Availability at such time, in which case the
procedures specified above in this Section 3.05 and in Section 3.04 for funding by the Participants shall apply) constitute a request by the
applicable Borrower to the Administrative Agent for a Borrowing of Revolving Loans pursuant to Section 2.03(a) constituting Base Rate
Loans (or, at the option of the Administrative Agent and the Swingline Lender in their sole discretion, a Borrowing of Swingline Loans
pursuant to Section 2.03(b)) in the amount of such Drawing, and the date with respect to such Borrowing shall be the date of payment of
the relevant Drawing (it being understood that, in each such case, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders (or the Swingline
Lender, as applicable) thereof and the Lenders (or the Swingline Lender, as applicable) shall make available to the Administrative Agent
their pro rata portion of such Borrowing (or, in the case of Swingline Loans, the Swingline Lender will make available the full amount
thereof) and the proceeds thereof shall be applied to reimburse the respective Issuing Lender for such Drawing).

(b) The joint and several obligations of the U.S. Borrowers, in the case of a Letter of Credit issued for the account of a U.S.
Borrower, or the Dutch Borrowers, in the case of a Letter of Credit issued for the account of a Dutch Borrower or the UK Borrowers, in the
case of a Letter of Credit issued for the account of a UK Borrower, as the case may be, under this Section 3.05 to reimburse each Issuing
Lender with respect to drafts, demands and other presentations for payment under Letters of Credit issued by it

109


-----


