SECTION 7. Conditions Precedent to All Credit Events. The obligation of each Lender to make Loans (including Loans
made on the Effective Date), and the obligation of each Issuing Lender to issue Letters of Credit (including Letters of Credit issued on the
Effective Date), are subject, at the time of the Effective Date and at the time of each Credit Event (except as hereinafter indicated), to the
satisfaction of the following conditions:

7.01. No Default; Representations and Warranties. At the time of each such Credit Event and also after giving effect
thereto (a) there shall exist no Default or Event of Default and (b) all representations and warranties contained herein and in the other
Credit Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects with the same effect as though such representations and warranties
had been made on the date of such Credit Event (it being understood and agreed that (x) any representation or warranty which by its
terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects only as of such specified date and, (y)
any representation or warranty that is qualified as to “materiality,” “Material Adverse Effect” or similar language shall be true and correct
in all respects as of any such date and (z) the representation and warranty in Section 8.22 is made solely with respect to the most recently
delivered Borrowing Base Certificate).

7.02. Notice of Borrowing; Letter of Credit Request. (a) Prior to the making of each Loan (other than a Swingline Loan or
a Revolving Loan made pursuant to a Mandatory Borrowing), the Administrative Agent shall have received a Notice of Borrowing meeting
the requirements of Section 2.03(a). Prior to the making of each Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender shall have received the notice
referred to in Section 2.03(b)(i).

(b) Prior to the issuance of each Letter of Credit, the Administrative Agent and the respective Issuing Lender shall have
received a Letter of Credit Request meeting the requirements of Section 3.03(a).

7.03. Borrowing Limitations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein (but subject to Section 2.01(e)), it
shall be a condition precedent to each Credit Event that after giving effect thereto (and the use of the proceeds thereof):

(i) the Aggregate U.S. Borrower Exposure would not exceed 100% (or, during an Agent Advance Period, 105%)
of the U.S. Borrowing Base at such time;

(ii) the Aggregate Dutch Borrower Exposure would not exceed 100% (or, during an Agent Advance Period,
105%) of the Dutch Borrowing Base at such time;

(iii) the Aggregate UK Borrower Exposure would not exceed 100% (or, during an Agent Advance Period, 105%)
of the UK Borrowing Base at such time; and

(iiiiv) the Aggregate Exposure at such time would not exceed the Total Revolving Loan Commitment at such
time; and.

(iv) during a Reduced Availability Period, Excess Availability would exceed 10% of the Availability at such time.

129


-----


