either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(fe) No Plan which is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA has applied for or received an extension
of any amortization period, within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 303 or 304 of ERISA. The Company, its Subsidiaries
and any ERISA Affiliate have not ceased operations at a facility so as to become subject to the provisions of Section 4062(e) of ERISA,
withdrawn as a substantial employer so as to become subject to the provisions of Section 4063 of ERISA or ceased making contributions to
any Plan subject to Section 4064(a) of ERISA to which it made contributions which either individually or in the aggregate, could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate have incurred
liability to the PBGC which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
and no lien imposed under the Code or ERISA on the assets of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate exists on account of
any Plan which either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the
Company, its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate has any liability under Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA which either individually or in
the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(f) There are no actions, suits or claims pending against or involving a Plan (other than routine claims for benefits) or, to
the knowledge any Responsible Officer of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate, threatened in writing, which could
reasonably be expected to be asserted successfully against any Plan and, if so asserted successfully, could reasonably be expected either
individually or in the aggregate to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(g) Except as could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect: each Foreign Pension Plan has been maintained in compliance with its terms and with the requirements of any and all applicable
laws, statutes, rules, regulations and orders and has been maintained, where required, in good standing with applicable regulatory
authorities; all contributions required to be made with respect to a Foreign Pension Plan have been timely made; neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries has incurred any obligation in connection with the termination of, or withdrawal from, any Foreign Pension Plan;
and the Foreign Pension Plan is funded in compliance with applicable law.

8.11. Security Documents. (a) The provisions of the U.S. Security Agreement (when executed and delivered by all parties
thereto) are effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, a legal, valid and enforceable
security interest in all right, title and interest of the U.S. Credit Parties in all of the Security Agreement Collateral described therein, and
when proper UCC financing statements have been filed in the appropriate filing offices against each U.S. Credit Party and/or the
Collateral Agent has obtained “control” (within the meaning of the UCC) of the Core Deposit Accounts and DB Accounts thereunder, the
Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, shall have a perfected security interest in all right, title and interest in all of the
Security Agreement Collateral described therein of such U.S. Credit Party to the extent such security interest can be perfected by filing a
UCC financing statement under the UCC or, with respect to the Core Deposit Accounts or DB Accounts, by the Collateral Agent having
“control”, subject to no other Liens other than Permitted Liens (it being understood that the Permitted Liens described in Section 10.01(s)
are subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement at any time that Permitted Additional Secured Indebtedness is outstanding).

134


-----


