greater than the Liquidity Threshold or (ii) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the most recently ended Test Period for which financial
statements are available is equal to or greater than 1.00:1.00.

“Reference Time” with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark shall mean (1) if such Benchmark is the LIBO Rate,
11:00 a.m. (London time) on the day that is two London banking days preceding the date of such setting, and (2) if such Benchmark is not
LIBO Rate, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion.

“Register” shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.1513.16.

“Regulation D” shall mean Regulation D of the Board as from time to time in effect and any successor to all or a portion thereof
establishing reserve requirements.

“Regulation T” shall mean Regulation T of the Board as from time to time in effect and any successor to all or a portion thereof.

“Regulation U” shall mean Regulation U of the Board as from time to time in effect and any successor to all or a portion thereof.

“Regulation X” shall mean Regulation X of the Board as from time to time in effect and any successor to all or a portion thereof.

“Release” shall mean actively or passively disposing, discharging, injecting, spilling, pumping, leaking, leaching, dumping,
emitting, escaping, emptying, pouring, seeping, migrating or the like, into or upon any land or water or air, or otherwise entering into the
environment.

“Relevant Governmental Body” shall mean (a) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in
U.S. Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board
and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto and (b) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans
denominated in any Available Currency (other than U.S. Dollars), (i) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark
Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (x) such Benchmark
Replacement or (y) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed or
convened by (w) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (x) any central bank or other
supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark
Replacement, (y) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (z) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.

“Relevant Rate” shall mean (a) with respect to any LIBOR Loan Borrowing denominated in an Available Currency (other than
Euros), the LIBO Rate as determined pursuant to clause (a)(i) of the definition thereof or (b) with respect to any LIBOR Loan Borrowing
denominated in Euros, the LIBO Rate as determined pursuant to clause (a)(ii) of the definition thereof, as applicable.

“Relevant Screen Rate” shall mean (a) with respect to any LIBOR Loan Borrowing denominated in an Available Currency (other
than Euros), the LIBOR Screen Rate or (b) with respect to any LIBOR Loan Borrowing denominated in Euros, the EURO Screen Rate, as
applicable.

62


-----


