from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the
FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain
credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms.

“UK Resolution Authority” shall mean the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for
the resolution of any UK Financial Institution.

“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” shall mean the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment.

“Unfinanced Capital Expenditures” shall mean, for any period, Capital Expenditures made by the Company and its Consolidated
Subsidiaries during such period other than Capital Expenditures to the extent financed with the proceeds of any sale or issuance of Equity
Interests, the proceeds of any asset sale (other than the sale of inventory in the ordinary course of business), the proceeds of any Recovery
Event or the proceeds of any incurrence of Indebtedness (other than the incurrence of any Loans).

“Unfunded Pension Liability” of any Plan shall mean the amount, if any, by which the value of the accumulated plan benefits
under such Plan determined on a plan termination basis in accordance with actuarial assumptions at such time consistent with those
prescribed by the PBGC for purposes of Section 4044 of ERISA, exceeds the Fair Market Value of all plan assets allocable to such
liabilities under Title IV of ERISA (excluding any accrued but unpaid contributions).

“United States” and “U.S.” shall each mean the United States of America.

“Unpaid Drawing” shall have the meaning provided in Section 3.05(a).

“Unrestricted” shall mean, when referring to cash or Cash Equivalents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, that such cash
or Cash Equivalents are not Restricted.

“Unutilized Revolving Loan Commitment” shall mean, with respect to any Lender at any time, such Lender’s Revolving Loan
Commitment at such time less the sum of (a) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Revolving Loans (taking the U.S. Dollar
Equivalent of any such Revolving Loans denominated in Euros or any Acceptable Foreign Currency) made by such Lender at such time and
(b) such Lender’s RL Percentage of the Letter of Credit Outstandings (for this purpose, using the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of amounts
denominated in Euros or any Acceptable Foreign Currency) at such time. For the avoidance of doubt and solely for purposes of calculating
the “Unutilized Revolving Loan Commitment”, the Revolving Loan Commitment of any Lender shall not be reduced by outstanding
Swingline Loans.

“Upper Strike Warrant” shall mean any hedging agreement, entered into by the Company in connection with the issuance of
Permitted Convertible Notes, pursuant to which the Company issues to the counterparty thereto warrants to acquire shares of Permitted
Company Stock (whether such warrant is settled in shares, cash or a combination thereof).

73


-----


