“GAAP” shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as in effect from time to time; provided that
determinations in accordance with GAAP for purposes of Section 10 and the calculation of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and the Total
Leverage Ratio, in each case including defined terms as used therein, are subject to Section 13.0713.08(a).

“Governmental Authority” shall mean the government of the United States, the Netherlands, Belgium, the United Kingdom, any
other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state, provincial or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory
body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions
of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).

“Guarantor” shall mean and include each U.S. Guarantor and, each Dutch Guarantor and each UK Guarantor.

“Guaranty” shall mean the U.S. Guaranty and, the Dutch Guaranty and the UK Guaranty.

“Hazardous Materials” shall mean any chemicals, materials, wastes, pollutants, contaminants, or substances in any form that is
prohibited, limited or regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law by virtue of their toxic or otherwise deleterious characteristics,
including any petroleum or petroleum products, radioactive materials, asbestos in any form that is or could become friable, urea
formaldehyde foam insulation, dielectric fluid containing levels of polychlorinated biphenyls, and radon gas.

“Host Customer Agreements” shall mean the Energy Storage Agreements and Customer Lease Agreements.

“Immaterial Subsidiary” shall mean, as of any date of determination, any Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary of the Company
or, any Wholly-Owned Dutch Subsidiary of Tesla B.V. (in eitheror any Wholly Owned UK Subsidiary of Tesla UK (in each case, other than a
Borrower) (x) that has not guaranteed any other Indebtedness of any Borrower other than a guarantee by any Subsidiary that was created
to satisfy state dealer requirements, (y) whose consolidated total assets (as set forth in the most recent consolidated balance sheet of the
Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries delivered to the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement and computed in accordance with GAAP,
but excluding intercompany assets), do not constitute more than 5.0% of the Consolidated Total Assets and (z) whose consolidated total
revenues (as set forth in the most recent income statement of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries delivered to the Lenders
pursuant to this Agreement and computed in accordance with GAAP) do not constitute more than 5.0% of the consolidated total revenues
of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries (as set forth in the most recent income statement of the Company and its Consolidated
Subsidiaries delivered to the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement and computed in accordance with GAAP).

“Impacted Lender” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.10(ef).

“Impacted UK Lender” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.10(g).

“Incremental Commitment” shall mean, for any Lender, any Revolving Loan Commitment provided by such Lender after the
Effective Date in an Incremental Commitment Agreement delivered

45


-----


