Finally, the target demographics for our vehicles, particularly Model 3 and Model Y, are highly competitive. Sales of vehicles in the automotive industry
tend to be cyclical in many markets, which may expose us to further volatility as we expand and adjust our operations and retail strategies. Moreover, the
COVID-19 pandemic may negatively impact the transportation and automotive industries long-term. It is uncertain as to how such macroeconomic factors will
impact us as a company that has been experiencing growth and increasing market share in an industry that has globally been experiencing a recent decline in
sales.

**Our suppliers may fail to deliver components according to schedules, prices, quality and volumes that are acceptable to us, or we may be**
**unable to manage these components effectively.**

Our products contain thousands of parts that we purchase globally from hundreds of mostly single-source direct suppliers, generally without long-term
supply agreements. This exposes us to multiple potential sources of component shortages, such as those that we experienced in 2012 and 2016 with our Model
S and Model X ramps. Unexpected changes in business conditions, materials pricing, labor issues, wars, governmental changes, tariffs, natural disasters such
as the March 2011 earthquakes in Japan, health epidemics such as the global COVID-19 pandemic, trade and shipping disruptions and other factors beyond our
or our suppliers’ control could also affect these suppliers’ ability to deliver components to us or to remain solvent and operational. For example, a global
shortage of microchips has been reported since early 2021, and the impact to us is yet unknown. The unavailability of any component or supplier could result in
production delays, idle manufacturing facilities, product design changes and loss of access to important technology and tools for producing and supporting our
products. Moreover, significant increases in our production, such as for Model 3 and Model Y, or product design changes by us have required and may in the
future require us to procure additional components in a short amount of time. Our suppliers may not be willing or able to sustainably meet our timelines or our
cost, quality and volume needs, or to do so may cost us more, which may require us to replace them with other sources. Finally, we have limited vehicle
manufacturing experience outside of the Fremont Factory and we may experience issues increasing the level of localized procurement at our Gigafactory
Shanghai and at future factories such as Gigafactory Berlin and Gigafactory Texas. While we believe that we will be able to secure additional or alternate
sources or develop our own replacements for most of our components, there is no assurance that we will be able to do so quickly or at all. Additionally, we may
be unsuccessful in our continuous efforts to negotiate with existing suppliers to obtain cost reductions and avoid unfavorable changes to terms, source less
expensive suppliers for certain parts and redesign certain parts to make them less expensive to produce. Any of these occurrences may harm our business,
prospects, financial condition and operating results.

As the scale of our vehicle production increases, we will also need to accurately forecast, purchase, warehouse and transport components at high
volumes to our manufacturing facilities and servicing locations internationally. If we are unable to accurately match the timing and quantities of component
purchases to our actual needs or successfully implement automation, inventory management and other systems to accommodate the increased complexity in
our supply chain and parts management, we may incur unexpected production disruption, storage, transportation and write-off costs, which may harm our
business and operating results.

**We may be unable to meet our projected construction timelines, costs and production ramps at new factories, or we may experience**
**difficulties in generating and maintaining demand for products manufactured there.**

Our ability to increase production of our vehicles on a sustained basis, make them affordable globally by accessing local supply chains and workforces
and streamline delivery logistics is dependent on the construction and ramp of Gigafactory Shanghai, Gigafactory Berlin and Gigafactory Texas. The
construction of and commencement and ramp of production at these factories are subject to a number of uncertainties inherent in all new manufacturing
operations, including ongoing compliance with regulatory requirements, procurement and maintenance of construction, environmental and operational licenses
and approvals for additional expansion, potential supply chain constraints, hiring, training and retention of qualified employees and the pace of bringing
production equipment and processes online with the capability to manufacture high-quality units at scale. For example, we are currently constructing
Gigafactory Berlin under conditional permits. Moreover, we intend to incorporate sequential design and manufacturing changes into vehicles manufactured at
each new factory. We have limited experience to date with developing and implementing vehicle manufacturing innovations outside of the Fremont Factory, as
we only recently began production at Gigafactory Shanghai. In particular, the majority of our design and engineering resources are currently located in
California. In order to meet our expectations for our new factories, we must expand and manage localized design and engineering talent and resources. If we
experience any issues or delays in meeting our projected timelines, costs, capital efficiency and production capacity for our new factories, expanding and
managing teams to implement iterative design and production changes there, maintaining and complying with the terms of any debt financing that we obtain to
fund them or generating and maintaining demand for the vehicles we manufacture there, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition may
be harmed.

16


-----


