to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each of the Lenders and dated the Effective Date covering such matters incident to
the transactions contemplated herein as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, and (c) without duplication, from such local
counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, in each jurisdiction where a U.S. Credit Party is “located” for purposes of
Section 9-307 of the UCC and/or organized, in each case, an opinion in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each of the Lenders and dated the Effective Date covering such
matters incident to the transactions contemplated herein as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.

6.04. Company Documents; Proceedings; etc. (a) On the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received a
certificate from each Credit Party, dated the Effective Date, signed by an Authorized Officer of such Credit Party (or, with respect to Tesla
B.V., its directors), and, if signed by an Authorized Officer of such Credit Party, attested to by another Authorized Officer of such Credit
Party, in the form of Exhibit E-2 (or such other form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) with appropriate insertions,
together with copies of the certificate or articles of incorporation and by-laws (or other equivalent organizational documents relating to
any Dutch Credit Party), as applicable, of such Credit Party and the resolutions of such Credit Party referred to in such certificate
(including, with respect to each Dutch Credit Party, if applicable, an unconditional positive, written advice from any works council in
relation to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other document required for compliance with the Dutch Works
Council Act), and each of the foregoing shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent.

(b) On the Effective Date, all Business and legal proceedings and all instruments and agreements in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Credit Documents shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to
the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall have received all information and copies of all documents and papers,
including records of Business proceedings, governmental approvals, good standing certificates and bring-down facsimiles or other
electronic transmission, if any, which the Administrative Agent reasonably may have requested in connection therewith, such documents
and papers where appropriate to be certified by proper Authorized Officers or Governmental Authorities.

6.05. Adverse Change; Approvals. (a) Since December 31, 2014, nothing shall have occurred, either individually or in the
aggregate, which has had, or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) On or prior to the Effective Date, all necessary governmental (domestic and foreign) and material third-party approvals
and/or consents in connection with the Transaction and the granting of Liens under the Credit Documents shall have been obtained and
remain in effect, and all applicable waiting periods with respect thereto shall have expired without any action being taken by any
competent authority which restrains, prevents or imposes materially adverse conditions upon the consummation of the Transaction. On
the Effective Date, there shall not exist any judgment, order, injunction or other restraint issued or filed or a hearing seeking injunctive
relief or other restraint pending or notified prohibiting or imposing materially adverse conditions upon the Transaction.

6.06. [Reserved].

126


-----


