“Collateralized Letter of Credit” shall have the meaning provided in Section 3.02(b).

“Commingled Inventory” shall mean Inventory of any Borrower that is commingled (whether pursuant to a consignment, a toll
manufacturing agreement or otherwise) with Inventory of another Person (other than a Borrower) at a location owned or leased by any
Borrower to the extent that such Inventory of the applicable Borrower is not readily identifiable.

“Commitment Commission” shall have the meaning provided in Section 4.01(a).

“Commitment Commission Percentage” shall mean 0.25% per annum; provided that until the First Usage Date, the
Commitment Commission Percentage shall be (i) 0% for the period from the Effective Date until the date 30 days thereafter, (ii) 0.125%
per annum for the period from the date that is 30 days after the Effective Date until the date that is 60 days after the Effective Date and
(iii) 0.25% thereafter. From and after any Extension with respect to any Extended Revolving Loan Commitments and Extended Loans, the
Commitment Commission Percentage specified for such Extended Revolving Loan Commitments and Extended Loans shall be those set
forth in the applicable definitive documentation thereof.

“Commodity Exchange Act” shall mean the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. § 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and
any successor statute.

“Company” shall have the meaning provided in the first paragraph of this Agreement.

“Company Common Stock” shall mean authorized shares of common stock of the Company.

“Company Factory” shall mean (i) the Fremont Factory, (ii) the Company’s manufacturing facility located in Lathrop, California,
(iii) the Company’s manufacturing facility located at 5640 Executive Parkway SE, Grand Rapids, Michigan, (iv) the Company’s
manufacturing facility located in Buffalo, New York, (v) the Company’s Gigafactory located at 1 Electric Avenue, Sparks, Nevada and
(vi) any other mManufacturing fFacilities established by the Company from time to time and located in the United States.

“Compliance Period” shall mean, subject to Section 3.02(b), any period commencing on the date on which (a)(i) Designated
Cash is less than the Liquidity Threshold and (ii) Excess Availability is less than the greater of (x) 10% of Availability at such time or (y)
$80,000,000 and (b) ending on the first date thereafter on which (i) Designated Cash is equal to or greater than the Liquidity Threshold or
(ii) Excess Availability is greater than the greater of (x) 10% of Availability at such time and (y) $80,000,000 for 30 consecutive days.

“Consent Letter” shall mean that certain letter, dated as of April 28, 2017, between the Borrowers and the Required Lenders.

“Consolidated EBITDA” shall mean, for any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period (without giving effect to (w) any
extraordinary gains or losses, (x) any non-cash income, (y) any gains or losses from sales of assets other than those assets sold in the
ordinary course of business, or (z) any foreign currency gains or losses) adjusted by (A) adding thereto (in each case to the extent
deducted in determining Consolidated Net Income for such period (other than clause (ix) below which need not be so

15


-----


