g

Automotive Sales

Cost of automotive sales revenue includes direct parts, material and labor costs, manufacturing overhead, including depreciation costs of tooling and
machinery, shipping and logistic costs, vehicle connectivity costs, allocations of electricity and infrastructure costs related to our Supercharger network, and
reserves for estimated warranty expenses. Cost of automotive sales revenues also includes adjustments to warranty expense and charges to write down the
carrying value of our inventory when it exceeds its estimated net realizable value and to provide for obsolete and on-hand inventory in excess of forecasted
demand.

Automotive Leasing

Cost of automotive leasing revenue includes the amortization of operating lease vehicles over the lease term, cost of goods sold associated with direct
sales-type leases, as well as warranty expenses related to leased vehicles. Cost of automotive leasing revenue also includes vehicle connectivity costs and
allocations of electricity and infrastructure costs related to our Supercharger network for vehicles under our leasing programs.

Services and Other

Costs of services and other revenue includes costs associated with providing non-warranty after-sales services, costs to acquire and certify used
vehicles, costs for retail merchandise, and costs to provide vehicle insurance. Cost of services and other revenue also includes direct parts, material and labor
costs, manufacturing overhead associated with the sales by our acquired subsidiaries to third party customers.

Energy Generation and Storage Segment

Energy Generation and Storage

Cost of energy generation and storage revenue includes direct and indirect material and labor costs, warehouse rent, freight, warranty expense, other
overhead costs and amortization of certain acquired intangible assets. Cost of energy generation and storage revenue also includes charges to write down the
carrying value of our inventory when it exceeds its estimated net realizable value and to provide for obsolete and on-hand inventory in excess of forecasted
demand. In agreements for solar energy system and PPAs where we are the lessor, the cost of revenue is primarily comprised of depreciation of the cost of
leased solar energy systems, maintenance costs associated with those systems and amortization of any initial direct costs.

Leases

We adopted ASC 842, Leases, as of January 1, 2019 using the cumulative effect adjustment approach (“adoption of the new lease standard”). In addition,
we elected the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance within the new standard, which allowed us to carry forward the historical
determination of contracts as leases, lease classification and not reassess initial direct costs for historical lease arrangements. Accordingly, previously reported
financial statements, including footnote disclosures, have not been recast to reflect the application of the new standard to all comparative periods presented. The
finance lease classification under ASC 842 includes leases previously classified as capital leases under ASC 840.

Research and Development Costs

Research and development costs are expensed as incurred.

Marketing, Promotional and Advertising Costs

Marketing, promotional and advertising costs are expensed as incurred and are included as an element of selling, general and administrative expense in
the consolidated statement of operations. Marketing, promotional and advertising costs were immaterial for    the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and
2018.

Income Taxes

Income taxes are computed using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference
between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to
affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

66


-----


