Mr. Musk’s August 7, 2018 Twitter post that he was considering taking Tesla private. All of the suits are now pending in the U.S. District Court for the Northern
District of California. Although the complaints vary in certain respects, they each purport to assert claims for violations of federal securities laws related to Mr.
Musk’s statement and seek unspecified compensatory damages and other relief on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of Tesla’s securities. Plaintiffs filed
their consolidated complaint on January 16, 2019 and added as defendants the members of Tesla’s board of directors. The now-consolidated purported
stockholder class action was stayed while the issue of selection of lead counsel was briefed and argued before the Ninth Circuit. The Ninth Circuit ruled
regarding lead counsel. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the complaint on November 22, 2019. The hearing on the motion was held on March 6, 2020. On
April 15, 2020, the Court denied defendants’ motion to dismiss. The parties stipulated to certification of a class of stockholders, which the court granted on
November 25, 2020. Trial is set for May 2022. We believe that the claims have no merit and intend to defend against them vigorously. We are unable to
estimate the potential loss, or range of loss, associated with these claims.

Between October 17, 2018 and November 9, 2018, five derivative lawsuits were filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery against Mr. Musk and the
members of Tesla’s board of directors as then constituted in relation to statements made and actions connected to a potential going private transaction. In
addition to these cases, on October 25, 2018, another derivative lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware against Mr. Musk and
the members of the Tesla board of directors as then constituted. The Courts in both the Delaware federal court and Delaware Court of Chancery actions have
consolidated their respective actions and stayed each consolidated action pending resolution of the above-referenced consolidated purported stockholder class
action. We believe that the claims have no merit and intend to defend against them vigorously. We are unable to estimate the potential loss or range of loss, if
any, associated with these lawsuits.

Beginning on March 7, 2019, various stockholders filed derivative suits in the Delaware Court of Chancery, purportedly on behalf of Tesla, naming Mr.
Musk and Tesla’s board of directors as then constituted, also related to Mr. Musk’s August 7, 2018 Twitter post that is the basis of the above-referenced
consolidated purported stockholder class action, as well as to Mr. Musk’s February 19, 2019 Twitter post regarding Tesla’s vehicle production. The suit asserts
claims for breach of fiduciary duty and seeks declaratory and injunctive relief, unspecified damages, and other relief. Plaintiffs agreed to a stipulation that these
derivative cases would be stayed pending the outcome of the above-referenced consolidated purported stockholder class action. In March 2019, plaintiffs in one
of these derivative suits moved to lift the stay and for an expedited trial. Briefs were filed on March 13, 2019, and the hearing was held on March 18, 2019.
Defendants prevailed, with the Court denying the plaintiffs’ request for an expedited trial and granting defendants’ request to continue to stay this suit pending
the outcome of the above-referenced consolidated purported stockholder class action. On May 4, 2020, the same plaintiffs again filed a motion requesting to lift
the stay and for an expedited trial. Briefs were filed on May 13, 2020 and May 15, 2020 and a hearing was held on May 19, 2020. Defendants again prevailed,
with the Court denying plaintiffs’ request to lift the stay and for an expedited trial. The plaintiffs also sought leave to file an amended complaint, which was
granted. The Court entered an order implementing its ruling on May 21, 2020. The amended complaint asserts additional allegations of breach of fiduciary duty
related to two additional Twitter posts by Mr. Musk, dated July 29, 2019 and May 1, 2020, and seeks unspecified damages and declaratory and injunctive
relief. We believe that the claims have no merit and intend to defend against them vigorously. We are unable to estimate the potential loss or range of loss, if
any, associated with these lawsuits.

Certain Investigations and Other Matters

We receive requests for information from regulators and governmental authorities, such as the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, the
National Transportation Safety Board, the SEC, the Department of Justice (“DOJ”) and various state, federal, and international agencies. We routinely cooperate
with such regulatory and governmental requests.

In particular, the SEC had issued subpoenas to Tesla in connection with (a) Elon Musk’s prior statement that he was considering taking Tesla private
and (b) certain projections that we made for Model 3 production rates during 2017 and other public statements relating to Model 3 production. The take-private
investigation was resolved and closed with a settlement entered into with the SEC in September 2018 and as further clarified in April 2019 in an amendment.
On December 4, 2019, the SEC (i) closed the investigation into the projections and other public statements regarding Model 3 production rates and (ii) issued a
subpoena seeking information concerning certain financial data and contracts including Tesla’s regular financing arrangements. Separately, the DOJ had also
asked us to voluntarily provide it with information about the above matters related to taking Tesla private and Model 3 production rates.

Aside from the settlement, as amended, with the SEC relating to Mr. Musk’s statement that he was considering taking Tesla private, there have not been
any developments in these matters that we deem to be material, and to our knowledge no government agency in any ongoing investigation has concluded that
any wrongdoing occurred. As is our normal practice, we have been cooperating and will continue to cooperate with government authorities. We cannot predict
the outcome or impact of any ongoing matters. Should the government decide to pursue an enforcement action, there exists the possibility of a material adverse
impact on our business, results of operation, prospects, cash flows, and financial position.

101


-----


