(a) Tesla UK, by its signature below, becomes a “Borrower” and a “UK Borrower” for all purposes under the
Amended Credit Agreement.

(b) Tesla UK, by its signature below, (i) agrees to perform, comply with and be bound by all of the terms,
provisions, conditions, and covenants of the Amended Credit Agreement applicable to it as a “Borrower” thereunder or a “UK Borrower”
thereunder, (ii) agrees that the Administrative Agent shall have all rights, remedies and interests, including security interests in and liens
upon the Collateral granted to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under and pursuant to the Credit Documents, with respect to Tesla
UK and its properties and assets, and (iii) assumes and agrees to be directly liable to the Administrative Agent and Lenders for all
Obligations of Tesla UK under, contained in, or arising pursuant to the Amended Credit Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents.

Section 3. Amendments to Credit Agreement; other Credit Documents. The parties hereto agree that on the Amendment
Effective Date (as defined below), the Credit Agreement, the U.S. Guaranty and the Dutch Guaranty shall be amended as follows:

(a) The Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner
as the following example: stricken text) and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following
example: double-underlined text) as set forth in the pages of the Credit Agreement attached as Exhibit A to this Amendment.

(b) Exhibit B-5 to the Amended Credit Agreement shall be in the form set forth in Exhibit B attached to this
Amendment.

(c) Exhibit O to the Amended Credit Agreement shall be in the form set forth in Exhibit C attached to this
Amendment.

(d) Exhibit P to the Amended Credit Agreement shall be in the form set forth in Exhibit D attached to this
Amendment.

(e) Exhibit Q to the Amended Credit Agreement shall be in the form set forth in Exhibit E attached to this
Amendment.

(f) Schedule 1.01(a) to the Amended Credit Agreement shall be in the form set forth in Exhibit F attached to
this Amendment.

(g) The U.S. Guaranty is hereby amended such that, after giving effect to the Amendment, each reference
therein to a “Borrower” or the “Borrowers” shall be deemed to include the UK Borrower.

(h) The Dutch Guaranty is hereby amended by deleting the last sentence of the first paragraph of Section 1
thereof and replacing such sentence with the following sentence: “For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall the Guaranteed
Obligations of any Guarantor include any Obligations of any U.S. Borrower, any U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor or any UK Borrower.”


-----


