2.18. The Company as Agent for Borrowers. Each Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints the Company as its agent and
attorney-in-fact for all purposes under this Agreement and each other Credit Document, which appointment shall remain in full force and
effect unless and until the Administrative Agent shall have received prior written notice signed by the respective appointing Borrower that
such appointment has been revoked. Each Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Company (i) to provide the
Administrative Agent with all notices with respect to Loans and Letters of Credit obtained for the benefit of any Borrower and all other
notices and instructions under this Agreement or any other Credit Document and (ii) to take such action as the Company deems
appropriate on its behalf to exercise such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto to carry out the purposes of this Agreement
and the other Credit Documents. It is understood that the handling of the Credit Account and the Collateral of the respective Borrowers in
a combined fashion (i.e., the U.S. Borrowers in a combined fashion and, the Dutch Borrowers in a combined fashion and the UK Borrowers
in a combined fashion), as more fully set forth herein, is done solely as an accommodation to the Borrowers in order to utilize the
collective borrowing powers of the Borrowers in the most efficient and economical manner and at their request, and that the Lenders shall
not incur liability to any Borrower as a result hereof. Each Borrower expects to derive benefit, directly or indirectly, from the handling of
the Credit Account and the Collateral in a combined fashion since the successful operation of each Borrower is dependent on the
continued successful performance of the consolidated group.

2.19. Extension of Revolving Loan Commitments. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, subject
to the terms of this Section 2.19, the Company may extend the maturity date, and otherwise modify the terms of the Total Revolving Loan
Commitment, or any portion thereof (including by increasing the interest rate or fees payable in respect of any Loans and/or Revolving
Loan Commitments or any portion thereof (and related outstandings) (the “Extension”) pursuant to a written offer (the “Extension Offer”)
made by the Company to all Lenders, in each case on a pro rata basis (based on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the
respective outstanding Revolving Loans and unfunded Revolving Loan Commitments) and on the same terms to each such Lender;
provided, that an Extension Offer to extend Initial Revolving Loan Commitments may be made only to Lenders holding Initial Revolving
Loan Commitments to enable them to extend such commitments to the 2023 Extended Maturity Date and the provisions of this Section
2.19 shall apply to any such Extension Offer accordingly. In connection with the Extension, (i) the Company will provide notification to the
Administrative Agent (for distribution to the Lenders), (ii) the Swingline Lender and (iii) each Lender, acting in its sole and individual
discretion, wishing to participate in the Extension shall, prior to the date (the “Notice Date”) specified in the notice (which shall be at least
10 Business Days after delivery of the notice) given by the Administrative Agent to such Lender, provide the Administrative Agent with a
written notice thereof in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Any Lender that does not respond to the Extension
Offer by the Notice Date shall be deemed to have rejected such Extension. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Company of
each Lender’s determination under this Section 2.19(a). The election of any Lender to agree to the Extension shall not obligate any other
Lender to so agree. After giving effect to the Extension, the Revolving Loan Commitments so extended shall cease to be a part of the
tranche of the Revolving Loan Commitments they were a part of immediately prior to the Extension and shall be a new tranche of
Extended Revolving Loan Commitments hereunder.

(b) The Company shall have the right to replace each Lender that shall have rejected (or be deemed to have rejected) the
Extension under Section 2.19(a) with, and add as “Lenders” under this Agreement in place thereof, one or more Replacement Lenders as
provided in Section 2.13; provided that

101


-----


