hire based on talent rather than solely on educational pedigree, and have provided thousands of job openings, including in our local communities, for capable
workers from various backgrounds to learn valuable skills in critical operations such as in manufacturing, vehicle service and energy product installation. We
also emphasize in our evaluation and career development efforts internal mobility opportunities for employees to drive professional development. Our goal is a
long-term, upward-bound career at Tesla for every employee, which we believe also drives our retention efforts.

We also believe that our ability to retain our workforce is dependent on our ability to foster an environment that is sustainably safe, respectful, fair and
inclusive of everyone and promotes diversity, equity and inclusion inside and outside of our business. From our outreach to Historically Black Colleges and
Universities and Hispanic Serving Institutions to sponsoring employee resource groups across numerous locations, including Asian Pacific Islanders at Tesla,
Black at Tesla, Intersectionality, Latinos at Tesla, LGBTQ at Tesla, Veterans at Tesla and Women in Tesla, we engage these networks as key business resources
and sources of actionable feedback. We are also working on diversity efforts in our supply chain to expand our outreach and support to small- and large-scale
suppliers from underrepresented communities to emphasize this culture with our own employees.

**Available Information**

We file or furnish periodic reports and amendments thereto, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and
Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). In addition, the SEC maintains a
website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. Our website is
located at www.tesla.com, and our reports, amendments thereto, proxy statements and other information are also made available, free of charge, on our
investor relations website at ir.tesla.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such information with the SEC. The information
posted on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

13


-----


