we may receive a bonus payment if the system performs above a specified level. Conversely, if a solar energy system or energy storage system does not meet
the performance guarantee requirements, we may be required to pay liquidated damages. Other forms of variable consideration related to our large commercial
and utility grade solar energy system and energy storage system contracts include variable customer payments that will be made based on our energy market
participation activities. Such guarantees and variable customer payments represent a form of variable consideration and are estimated at contract inception at
their most likely amount and updated at the end of each reporting period as additional performance data becomes available. Such estimates are included in the
transaction price only to the extent that it is probable a significant reversal of revenue will not occur.

We record as deferred revenue any non-refundable amounts that are collected from customers related to fees charged for prepayments and remote
monitoring service and operations and maintenance service, which is recognized as revenue ratably over the respective customer contract term.

Energy Generation and Storage Leasing

For revenue arrangements where we are the lessor under operating lease agreements for energy generation and storage products, we record lease
revenue from minimum lease payments, including upfront rebates and incentives earned from such systems, on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease
term, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. The difference between the payments received and the revenue recognized is recorded as
deferred revenue or deferred asset on the consolidated balance sheet.

For solar energy systems where customers purchase electricity from us under PPAs prior to January 1, 2019, we have determined that these agreements
should be accounted for as operating leases pursuant to ASC 840. Revenue is recognized based on the amount of electricity delivered at rates specified under
the contracts, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met.

We record as deferred revenue any amounts that are collected from customers, including lease prepayments, in excess of revenue recognized and
operations and maintenance service fees, which is recognized as revenue ratably over the respective customer contract term. Deferred revenue also includes
the portion of rebates and incentives received from utility companies and various local and state government agencies, which is recognized as revenue over the
lease term.

We capitalize initial direct costs from the execution of agreements for solar energy systems and PPAs, which include the referral fees and sales
commissions, as an element of solar energy systems, net, and subsequently amortize these costs over the term of the related agreements.

Inventory Valuation

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is computed using standard cost for vehicles and energy storage products, which
approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis. In addition, cost for solar energy systems is recorded using actual cost. We record inventory write-downs
for excess or obsolete inventories based upon assumptions about current and future demand forecasts. If our inventory on-hand is in excess of our future
demand forecast, the excess amounts are written-off.

We also review our inventory to determine whether its carrying value exceeds the net amount realizable upon the ultimate sale of the inventory. This
requires us to determine the estimated selling price of our vehicles less the estimated cost to convert the inventory on-hand into a finished product. Once
inventory is written-down, a new, lower cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the
restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis.

Should our estimates of future selling prices or production costs change, additional and potentially material increases to this reserve may be required. A
small change in our estimates may result in a material charge to our reported financial results.

37


-----


