B.V. and its Subsidiaries, including Tesla Financial Services Limited and Tesla Financial Services GmbH.

“Tesla Lease Finance Subsidiary” shall mean any Tesla Finance Subsidiary that is a Non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary and was
formed for the purpose of engaging in the financing of vehicle leases.

“Tesla UK” shall have the meaning provided in the first paragraph of this Agreement.

“Test Period” shall mean each period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company then last ended, in each case taken as
one accounting period.

“Third Amendment” shall mean the Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the Third Amendment
Effective Date, among the Company, Tesla B.V., the lenders party thereto, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent.

“Third Amendment Effective Date” shall mean February 9, 2016.

“Threshold Amount” shall mean $250,000,000.

“Title Company” shall have the meaning provided in the definition of “Eligible Real Property”.

“Title Policy” shall have the meaning provided in the definition of “Eligible Real Property”.

“Total Borrowing Base” shall mean, as of any date of determination, the sum of the Dutch Borrowing Base and, the U.S.
Borrowing Base and the UK Borrowing Base, in each case, at such date.

“Total Leverage Ratio” shall mean, on any date of determination, the ratio of (x) Consolidated Total Indebtedness on such date
to (y) Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period most recently ended on or prior to such date; provided that (i) for purposes of any
calculation of the Total Leverage Ratio pursuant to this Agreement, Consolidated EBITDA shall be determined on a Pro Forma Basis in
accordance with the requirements of the definition of “Pro Forma Basis” contained herein.

“Total Revolving Loan Commitment” shall mean, at any time, the sum of the Revolving Loan Commitments of each of the
Lenders at such time. As of the First Amendment and Restatement Effective Date, the Total Revolving Loan Commitment is
$2,425,000,000, of which $2,227,500,000 are 2023 Extended Revolving Loan Commitments2,327,500,000.

“Transaction” shall mean, collectively, the execution and delivery by each Credit Party of the Credit Documents to which it is a
party on the Effective Date, the incurrence of Loans (if any) on the Effective Date and the use of proceeds thereof.

“Treaty Lender” shall mean a Lender which:

(a) is treated as a resident (for the purposes of the applicable double taxation agreement) in a jurisdiction
having a double taxation agreement with the United Kingdom which makes provision for full exemption from tax imposed by the
United Kingdom on any payment of interest under this Agreement; and

70


-----


