20. COUNTERPARTS. This Guaranty may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different
parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, and all of which, when
taken together, shall constitute one and the same instrument. A set of counterparts executed by all the parties hereto shall be lodged with
the Company and the Administrative Agent. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page hereof by facsimile, scan, photograph
or other electronic transmission shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. The words “execution,”
“signed,” “signature,” “delivery,” and words of like import in or relating to this Guaranty and the transactions contemplated hereby shall
be deemed to include Electronic Signatures (as defined below), deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall
be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paperbased
recordkeeping system, as the case may be. “Electronic Signatures” means any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with,
any contract or other record and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record.

21. PAYMENTS. All payments made by any Guarantor hereunder will be made without setoff, counterclaim or
other defense and on the same basis as payments are made by the applicable Borrowers under Sections 5.03 and 5.04 of the Credit
Agreement.

22. JUDGMENT CURRENCY. (a) The Guarantors’ obligations hereunder to make payments in the Obligation
Currency shall not be discharged or satisfied by any tender or recovery pursuant to any judgment expressed in or converted into any
currency other than the Obligation Currency, except to the extent that such tender or recovery results in the effective receipt by the
Administrative Agent or the other Secured Creditors of the full amount of the Obligation Currency expressed to be payable to the
Administrative Agent or the other Secured Creditors under this Guaranty. If for the purpose of obtaining or enforcing judgment against
any Guarantor in any court or in any jurisdiction, it becomes necessary to convert into or from the Judgment Currency an amount due in
the Obligation Currency, the conversion shall be made, at the rate of exchange (as quoted by the Administrative Agent or if the
Administrative Agent does not quote a rate of exchange on such currency, by a known dealer in such currency designated by the
Administrative Agent) determined, in each case, as of the Judgment Currency Conversion Date.

(b) If there is a change in the rate of exchange prevailing between the Judgment Currency Conversion Date and
the date of actual payment of the amount due, each Guarantor covenants and agrees to pay, or cause to be paid, such additional amounts, if
any (but in any event not a lesser amount), as may be necessary to ensure that the amount paid in the Judgment Currency, when converted
at the rate of exchange prevailing on the date of payment, will produce the amount of the Obligation Currency which could have been
purchased with the amount of Judgment Currency stipulated in the judgment or judicial award at the rate or exchange prevailing on the
Judgment Currency Conversion Date.

(c) For purposes of determining any rate of exchange for this Section 22, such amounts shall include any
premium and costs payable in connection with the purchase of the Obligation Currency.

23. ADDITIONAL GUARANTORS. It is understood and agreed that any Wholly-Owned UK Subsidiary of Tesla UK
that is required to execute a counterpart of this Guaranty after the date hereof pursuant to the Credit Agreement shall become a
Guarantor hereunder by (x) executing and delivering a counterpart hereof, or a Joinder Agreement and delivering same to the
Administrative Agent and (y) taking all actions as specified in this Guaranty as would have been taken by such Guarantor had it


-----


