p g p g g p g
buyback option where there is significant economic incentive to exercise at contract inception are classified as operating lease vehicles as the related revenue
transactions are treated as operating leases under ASC 842 (refer to the Automotive Leasing Revenue section above for details). Operating lease vehicles are
recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. We generally depreciate their value, less salvage value, using the straight-line-method to cost of automotive
leasing revenue over the contractual period. The gross cost of operating lease vehicles as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 was $3.54 billion and $2.85 billion,
respectively. Operating lease vehicles on the consolidated balance sheets are presented net of accumulated depreciation of $446 million and $406 million as of
December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

Solar Energy Systems, Net

We are the lessor of solar energy systems. Prior to January 1, 2019, these leases were accounted for as operating leases in accordance with ASC 840.
Under ASC 840, to determine lease classification, we evaluated the lease terms to determine whether there was a transfer of ownership or bargain purchase
option at the end of the lease, whether the lease term was greater than 75% of the useful life or whether the present value of the minimum lease payments
exceeded 90% of the fair value at lease inception. Agreements for solar energy system leases and PPAs that commence after January 1, 2019 no longer meet the
definition of a lease upon the adoption of ASC 842 and are instead accounted for in accordance with ASC 606. We utilize periodic appraisals to estimate useful
lives and fair values at lease inception and residual values at lease termination. Solar energy systems are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.

Depreciation and amortization is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, as follows:

Solar energy systems in service 30 to 35 years
Initial direct costs related to customer
solar energy system lease acquisition Lease term (up to 25
costs years)


Solar energy systems pending interconnection will be depreciated as solar energy systems in service when they have been interconnected and placed inservice. Solar energy systems under construction represents systems that are under installation, which will be depreciated as solar energy systems in service
when they are completed, interconnected and placed in service. Initial direct costs related to customer solar energy system agreement acquisition costs are
capitalized and amortized over the term of the related customer agreements.

Property, Plant and Equipment, net

Property, plant and equipment, net, including leasehold improvements, are recognized at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is generally
computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, as follows:

Machinery, equipment, vehicles and
office furniture 2 to 12 years
Building and building improvements 15 to 30 years
Computer equipment and software 3 to 10 years

Leasehold improvements are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the terms of the related leases.

Upon the retirement or sale of our property, plant and equipment, the cost and associated accumulated depreciation are removed from the consolidated
balance sheet, and the resulting gain or loss is reflected on the consolidated statement of operations. Maintenance and repair expenditures are expensed as
incurred while major improvements that increase the functionality, output or expected life of an asset are capitalized and depreciated ratably over the identified
useful life.

Interest expense on outstanding debt is capitalized during the period of significant capital asset construction. Capitalized interest on construction-inprogress is included within property, plant and equipment, net and is amortized over the life of the related assets.

71


-----


