(f) If the Administrative Agent or a Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a refund of any
Indemnified Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by a Borrower or with respect to which a Borrower has paid additional amounts
pursuant to Section 5.04(a), it shall pay to such Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments
made, or additional amounts paid, by such Borrower under this Section with respect to the Indemnified Taxes giving rise to such refund),
net of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any
interest paid by the relevant jurisdiction or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof with respect to such refund), provided that
the U.S. Borrowers (on a joint and several basis) and the Dutch Borrowers (on a joint and several basis) and the UK Borrowers (on a joint
and several basis), as the case may be, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, agree to repay the amount paid over
to any such Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant jurisdiction or any political subdivision or
taxing authority thereof) to the Administrative Agent or such Lender in the event the Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to
repay such refund to such jurisdiction or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof; provided, further, that no Borrower shall be
required to repay the Administrative Agent or such Lender an amount in excess of the amount paid over by such party to any such
Borrower pursuant to this Section 5.04(f). This paragraph shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to
make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Company, any other
Borrower, any other Credit Party or any other Person. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.04(f), in no event will
the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this Section 5.04(f) the payment of which would
place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Indemnified Tax
subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification
payments or additional amounts with respect to such Indemnified Tax had never been paid.

SECTION 6. Conditions Precedent to Credit Events on the Effective Date. The occurrence of the Effective Date and the
obligation of each Lender to make Loans, and the obligation of each Issuing Lender to issue Letters of Credit, on the Effective Date, are
subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

6.01. Effective Date; Notes. On or prior to the Effective Date, (a) this Agreement shall have been executed and delivered
as provided in Section 13.1013.11, (b) the Disclosure Letter shall have been delivered by the Company to the Administrative Agent and (c)
there shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders that have requested same, the appropriate
Revolving Notes executed by the appropriate Borrowers and if requested by the Swingline Lender, the appropriate Swingline Notes
executed by the appropriate Borrowers, in each case, in the amount, maturity and as otherwise provided herein.

6.02. Officer’s Certificate. On the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate in the form of
Exhibit E-1, dated the Effective Date and signed on behalf of the Company by an Authorized Officer of the Company, certifying on behalf of
the Company that all of the conditions in Sections 6.05, 6.13(b) and 7.01 have been satisfied on such date.

6.03. Opinions of Counsel. On the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received (a) from Wilson Sonsini
Goodrich & Rosati, P.C., special New York counsel to the Credit Parties, an opinion in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent addressed

125


-----


