recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation, to the extent of such Participant’s RL Percentage, in such Letter of Credit,
each drawing or payment made thereunder and the obligations of the U.S. Borrowers or, the Dutch Borrowers or the UK Borrowers, as the
case may be, under this Agreement with respect thereto, and any security therefor or guaranty pertaining thereto. Upon any change in
the Revolving Loan Commitments or RL Percentages of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 or 13.0413.05(b), it is hereby
agreed that, with respect to all outstanding Letters of Credit and Unpaid Drawings relating thereto, there shall be an automatic
adjustment to the participations pursuant to this Section 3.04 to reflect the new RL Percentages of the assignor and assignee Lender, as
the case may be.

(b) In determining whether to pay under any Letter of Credit, no Issuing Lender shall have any obligation relative to the
other Lenders other than to confirm that any documents required to be delivered under such Letter of Credit appear to have been
delivered and that they appear to substantially comply on their face with the requirements of such Letter of Credit. Any action taken or
omitted to be taken by an Issuing Lender under or in connection with any Letter of Credit issued by it shall not create for such Issuing
Lender any resulting liability to any Borrower, any other Credit Party, any Lender or any other Person unless such action is taken or
omitted to be taken with gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of such Issuing Lender (as determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision).

(c) In the event that an Issuing Lender makes any payment under any Letter of Credit issued by it and the U.S. Borrowers
or, the Dutch Borrowers or the UK Borrowers, as applicable, shall not have reimbursed such amount in full to such Issuing Lender
pursuant to Section 3.05(a), such Issuing Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent, which shall promptly notify each
Participant of such failure, and each Participant shall promptly and unconditionally pay to such Issuing Lender the amount of such
Participant’s RL Percentage of such unreimbursed payment in U.S. Dollars (or, in the case of any unreimbursed payment made in Euros or
an Acceptable Foreign Currency, such currency) and in same day funds. If the Administrative Agent so notifies, prior to 2:00 P.M. (New
York City time) on any Business Day, any Participant required to fund a payment under a Letter of Credit, such Participant shall make
available to the respective Issuing Lender in U.S. Dollars (or, in the case of any unreimbursed payment made in Euros or an Acceptable
Foreign Currency, such currency) such Participant’s RL Percentage of the amount of such payment on such Business Day in same day
funds. If and to the extent such Participant shall not have so made its RL Percentage of the amount of such payment available to the
respective Issuing Lender, such Participant agrees to pay to such Issuing Lender, forthwith on demand such amount, together with
interest thereon, for each day from such date until the date such amount is paid to such Issuing Lender at the overnight Federal Funds
Rate (or, in the case of any unreimbursed payment made in a currency other than U.S. Dollars, at the respective Issuing Lender’s
customary rate for interbank advances) for the first three days and at the interest rate applicable to U.S. Dollar Denominated Revolving
Loans that are maintained as Base Rate Loans for each day thereafter. The failure of any Participant to make available to an Issuing
Lender its RL Percentage of any payment under any Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Lender shall not relieve any other Participant
of its obligation hereunder to make available to such Issuing Lender its RL Percentage of any payment under any Letter of Credit on the
date required, as specified above, but no Participant shall be responsible for the failure of any other Participant to make available to such
Issuing Lender such other Participant’s RL Percentage of any such payment.

(d) Whenever an Issuing Lender receives a payment of a reimbursement obligation as to which it has received any
payments from the Participants pursuant to clause (c) above, such Issuing

107


-----


