(other than any amendment, extension or renewal that does not increase the maximum Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit).

“Credit Party” shall mean each U.S. Credit Party and, each Dutch Credit Party and each UK Credit Party.

“Customer Deposit Reserve” shall mean a reserve established by the Administrative Agent in connection with customer deposits
in respect of motor vehicles that are in production (as recorded in final assembly work in process inventory), are Eligible Finished Goods
Inventory or are Eligible In-Transit Inventory, as adjusted from time to time by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion.

“Customer Lease Agreement” shall mean a lease agreement entered into with a customer, pursuant to which such customer
agrees to lease an Energy Storage System.

“Daily Simple SOFR” shall mean, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being
established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant
Governmental Body for determining “Daily Simple SOFR” for business loans; provided that, if the Administrative Agent decides that any
such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another
convention in its reasonable discretion.

“DB Account” shall mean each DB Netherlands Account and each DB U.S. Account.

“DB Netherlands Account” shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.03(ef).

“DB UK Account” shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.03(g).

“DB U.S. Account” shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.03(de).

“DBNY” shall mean Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, in its individual capacity, and any successor corporation by merger,
consolidation or otherwise.

“Default” shall mean any event, act or condition which with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute an Event of
Default.

“Default Right” shall have the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. §§
252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable.

“Defaulting Lender” shall mean any Lender that (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or
paid, to (i) fund its portion of any Borrowing (including a Mandatory Borrowing), (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of
Credit or (iii) pay over to any Lender Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above,
such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender’s good faith determination that a
condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified
the Company or any Lender Party in writing (and such Lender Party has notified the Company or the Administrative Agent thereof in
writing), or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its

19


-----


