“Aggregate UK Borrower Exposure” shall mean, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate principal amount of all UK Borrower
Revolving Loans outstanding at such time (for this purpose, using the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of amounts denominated in Euros or any
Acceptable Foreign Currency) and (b) the aggregate amount of all Letter of Credit Outstandings (for this purpose, using the U.S. Dollar
Equivalent of amounts denominated in Euros or any Acceptable Foreign Currency) at such time in respect of Letters of Credit issued for
the account of any UK Borrower (exclusive of such Letter of Credit Outstandings which are repaid with the proceeds of, and
simultaneously with the incurrence of, the respective incurrence of UK Borrower Revolving Loans).

“Aggregate U.S. Borrower Exposure” shall mean, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate principal amount of all U.S.
Borrower Revolving Loans outstanding at such time (for this purpose, using the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of amounts denominated in Euros
or any Acceptable Foreign Currency), (b) the aggregate amount of all Letter of Credit Outstandings (for this purpose, using the U.S. Dollar
Equivalent of amounts denominated in Euros or any Acceptable Foreign Currency) at such time in respect of Letters of Credit issued for
the account of any U.S. Borrower (exclusive of such Letter of Credit Outstandings which are repaid with the proceeds of, and
simultaneously with the incurrence of, the respective incurrence of U.S. Borrower Revolving Loans or U.S. Borrower Swingline Loans) and
(c) the aggregate principal amount of all U.S. Borrower Swingline Loans outstanding at such time (exclusive of U.S. Borrower Swingline
Loans which are repaid with the proceeds of, and simultaneously with the incurrence of, the respective incurrence of U.S. Borrower
Revolving Loans).

“Agreement” shall mean this credit agreement, as modified, supplemented, amended, restated (including any amendment and
restatement hereof), extended or renewed from time to time.

“Amendment and Restatement Agreement” shall mean the Amendment and Restatement Agreement to the Credit Agreement,
dated as of the Amendment and Restatement Effective Date, among the Company, Tesla B.V., the lenders party thereto, the Collateral
Agent and the Administrative Agent.

“Amendment and Restatement Effective Date” shall mean March 6, 2019.

“Amortized Value” shall mean, as of any date of determination and with respect to any Eligible Machinery and Equipment, the
value of such Eligible Machinery and Equipment determined by reference to the most recent Acceptable Appraisal of such Eligible
Machinery and Equipment and assuming monthly straight-line amortization of the value thereof from the date (the “Amortization
Commencement Date”) that is one year after the date of such Acceptable Appraisal through the date that is the seven-year anniversary of
the Amortization Commencement Date.

“Anti-Corruption Laws” shall mean all laws, rules and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Company or its
Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, including, but not limited to, the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act of 1977 and the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010, each as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

“Applicable Margin” shall mean a percentage per annum equal to (i) in the case of Revolving Loans maintained as (A) Base Rate
Loans, 0%, and (B) LIBOR Loans, 1.00%, and (ii) in the case of Swingline Loans, 0%.

5


-----


