Drawings denominated in Euros or an Acceptable Foreign Currency, such currency) in immediately available funds at the Payment Office
in respect of any obligation of the Borrowers under this Agreement except as otherwise provided in the immediately following clauses (y)
and (z), (y) Euros in immediately available funds at the Payment Office, if such payment is made in respect of (i) principal of, or interest
on, Euro Denominated Loans or (ii) any increased costs, indemnities or other amounts owing with respect to Euro Denominated Loans
(including pursuant to Sections 2.10, 2.11, 3.06, 5.04, 12.06, 13.01 and 13.0613.07) or (z) the applicable Acceptable Foreign Currency in
immediately available funds at the Payment Office, if such payment is made in respect of (i) principal of, or interest on, Foreign Currency
Denominated Loans or (ii) any increased costs, indemnities or other amounts owing with respect to Foreign Currency Denominated Loans
(including pursuant to Sections 2.10, 2.11, 3.06, 5.04, 12.06, 13.01 and 13.0613.07). Whenever any payment to be made hereunder or
under any Note shall be stated to be due on a day which is not a Business Day, the due date thereof shall be extended to the next
succeeding Business Day and, with respect to payments of principal, interest shall be payable at the applicable rate during such extension.

(b) (i) Each U.S. Borrower shall, along with the Collateral Agent, and each of those banks (the “U.S. Collection Banks”) in
which each Core U.S. Deposit Account is maintained by each such U.S. Borrower, enter into on or prior to the 90[th] day following the
Effective Date (in each case, as such date may be extended from time to time by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) and
thereafter maintain separate Cash Management Control Agreements in respect of each such Core U.S. Deposit Account. (ii) Each U.S.
Borrower shall instruct all Account Debtors of such U.S. Borrower to remit all payments in U.S. Dollars to the applicable “P.O. Boxes” or
“Lockbox Addresses” of the applicable U.S. Collection Bank (or to remit such payments to the applicable U.S. Collection Bank by
electronic settlement) with respect to all Accounts of such Account Debtor, which remittances shall be collected by the applicable U.S.
Collection Bank and deposited into one or more deposit accounts with the Administrative Agent or a financial institution reasonably
acceptable to the Administrative Agent (each a “Core U.S. Deposit Account” and collectively, the “Core U.S. Deposit Accounts”); provided
that on and after the 90[th] day following the Effective Date (as such date may be extended from time to time by the Administrative Agent in
its sole discretion) such remittances may only be deposited into Core U.S. Deposit Accounts that are subject to Cash Management Control
Agreements. (iii) All amounts received in U.S. Dollars by any U.S. Borrower and any U.S. Collection Bank in respect of any Account of an
Account Debtor of any U.S. Borrower shall upon receipt be deposited into a Core U.S. Deposit Account; provided that on and after the 90[th]
day following the Effective Date (as such date may be extended from time to time by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) such
amounts may only be deposited into Core U.S. Deposit Accounts that are subject to Cash Management Control Agreements.

(c) (i) Each Dutch Borrower shall, along with the Collateral Agent, and each of those banks (the “Dutch Collection Banks”)
in which each Core Dutch Deposit Account areis maintained by each such Dutch Borrower, enter into on or prior to the 90[th] day following
the Effective Date (in each case, as such date may be extended from time to time by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) and
thereafter maintain separate Cash Management Control Agreements in respect of each such Core Dutch Deposit Account. (ii) Each Dutch
Borrower shall instruct all Account Debtors of such Dutch Borrower to remit all payments in U.S. Dollars or Euros to the applicable “P.O.
Boxes” or “Lockbox Addresses” of the applicable Dutch Collection Bank (or to remit such payments to the applicable Dutch Collection
Bank by electronic settlement) with respect to all Accounts of such Account Debtor, which remittances shall be collected by the applicable
Dutch Collection Bank and deposited into one or more deposit accounts with the Administrative Agent or a financial institution reasonably
acceptable to the Administrative Agent (each a “Core Dutch Deposit Account” and collectively, the “Core Dutch Deposit Accounts”);
provided

117


-----


