the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the relevant Borrower or Borrowers, and the relevant Borrower or Borrowers shall
promptly (but in any event within one Business Day) pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent. The Administrative
Agent also shall be entitled to recover on demand from such Lender or the relevant Borrower or Borrowers, as the case may be, interest
on such corresponding amount in respect of each day from the date such corresponding amount was made available by the Administrative
Agent to the relevant Borrower or Borrowers until the date such corresponding amount is recovered by the Administrative Agent, at a rate
per annum equal to (i) if recovered from such Lender, the overnight Federal Funds Rate (or, in the case of Euro Denominated Loans or
Foreign Currency Denominated Loans, the cost to the Administrative Agent of acquiring overnight funds in the applicable Foreign
Currency) for the first three days and at the interest rate otherwise applicable to such Loans for each day thereafter and (ii) if recovered
from the relevant Borrower or Borrowers, the rate of interest applicable to the respective Borrowing, as determined pursuant to Section
2.08. Nothing in this Section 2.04 shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to make Loans hereunder or to prejudice any
rights which any Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any failure by such Lender to make Loans hereunder.

2.05. Notes . Each Borrower’s obligation to pay the principal of, and interest on, the Loans made by each Lender shall be
evidenced in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 13.1513.16 and shall, if requested by such Lender,
also be evidenced (i) in the case of U.S. Borrower Revolving Loans, by a promissory note duly executed and delivered by each U.S.
Borrower substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1, with blanks appropriately completed in conformity herewith (each, a “U.S. Borrower
Revolving Note” and, collectively, the “U.S. Borrower Revolving Notes”), (ii) in the case of Dutch Borrower Revolving Loans, by a
promissory note duly executed and delivered by each Dutch Borrower substantially in the form of Exhibit B-2, with blanks appropriately
completed in conformity herewith (each, a “Dutch Borrower Revolving Note” and, collectively, the “Dutch Borrower Revolving Notes”) (iii)
in the case of UK Borrower Revolving Loans, by a promissory note duly executed and delivered by each UK Borrower substantially in the
form of Exhibit B-5, with blanks appropriately completed in conformity herewith (each, a “UK Borrower Revolving Note” and, collectively,
the “UK Borrower Revolving Notes and, together with the Dutch Borrower Revolving Notes and the U.S. Borrower Revolving Notes, the
“Revolving Notes”), (iii) in the case of U.S. Borrower Swingline Loans, by a promissory note duly executed and delivered by each U.S.
Borrower substantially in the form of Exhibit B-3, with blanks appropriately completed in conformity herewith (the “U.S. Borrower
Swingline Note”), and (iv) in the case of Dutch Borrower Swingline Loans, by a promissory note duly executed and delivered by each
Dutch Borrower substantially in the form of Exhibit B-4, with blanks appropriately completed in conformity herewith (each, a “Dutch
Borrower Swingline Note” and, together with the U.S. Borrower Swingline Note, the “Swingline Notes”).

(a) Each Lender will note on its internal records the amount of each Loan made by it and each payment in respect thereof
and prior to any transfer of any of its Notes will endorse on the reverse side thereof the outstanding principal amount of Loans evidenced
thereby. Failure to make any such notation or any error in such notation shall not affect any Borrower’s obligations in respect of such
Loans.

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained above in this Section 2.05 or elsewhere in this Agreement, Notes
shall only be delivered to Lenders which at any time specifically request the delivery of such Notes. No failure of any Lender to request,
obtain, maintain or produce a Note evidencing its Loans to any Borrower shall affect, or in any manner impair, the obligations of any
Borrower to pay the Loans (and all related Obligations) incurred by such Borrower which would

85


-----


