“Additional Convertible Notes” shall mean unsecured convertible senior securities of the Company issued pursuant to, and
containing the requirements of, clause (y) of Section 10.04(l) or Section 10.04(n), which unsecured convertible senior securities are
convertible into Equity Interests, cash or a combination of cash and Equity Interests.

“Additional Convertible Notes Documents” shall mean any Additional Convertible Notes and any Additional Convertible Notes
Indenture.

“Additional Convertible Notes Indenture” shall mean each indenture (or similar document) pursuant to which any Additional
Convertible Notes are issued.

“Additional Security Documents” shall have the meaning provided in Section 9.12(e).

“Administrative Agent” shall mean DBNY, in its capacity as Administrative Agent for the Lenders hereunder and under the
other Credit Documents, and shall include any successor to the Administrative Agent appointed pursuant to Section 12.09.

“Affected Financial Institution” shall mean (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

“Affiliate” shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling (including, but not limited
to, all directors and officers of such Person), controlled by, or under direct or indirect common control with, such Person. A Person shall
be deemed to control another Person if such Person possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies of such other Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; provided,
however, that none of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates shall be considered an Affiliate of the
Company or any Subsidiary thereof.

“Agent Advance” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.01(e).

“Agent Advance Period” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.01(e).

“Agents” shall mean and include the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Syndication Agents and the CoDocumentation Agents.

“Aggregate Dutch Borrower Exposure” shall mean, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Dutch
Borrower Revolving Loans outstanding at such time (for this purpose, using the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of amounts denominated in Euros
or any Acceptable Foreign Currency), (b) the aggregate amount of all Letter of Credit Outstandings (for this purpose, using the U.S. Dollar
Equivalent of amounts denominated in Euros or any Acceptable Foreign Currency) at such time in respect of Letters of Credit issued for
the account of any Dutch Borrower (exclusive of such Letter of Credit Outstandings which are repaid with the proceeds of, and
simultaneously with the incurrence of, the respective incurrence of Dutch Borrower Revolving Loans or Dutch Borrower Swingline Loans)
and (c) the aggregate principal amount of all Dutch Borrower Swingline Loans outstanding at such time (exclusive of Dutch Borrower
Swingline Loans which are repaid with the proceeds of, and simultaneously with the incurrence of, the respective incurrence of Dutch
Borrower Revolving Loans).

4


-----


