incentive or achievement plans or any similar plans or setting aside of any funds for the foregoing purposes. For the avoidance of doubt,
no conversion or Net Share Settlement of Permitted Convertible Notes or the SolarCity Convertible Notes, nor the purchase, sale or
performance of obligations under any Issuer Option shall constitute a Dividend.

“Dividing Person” shall have the meaning provided in the definition of Division.

“Division” shall mean the statutory division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the “Dividing Person”)
among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a “plan of division” or similar arrangement) pursuant to the applicable limited liability
company statutes, which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive.

“Domestic Subsidiary” of any Person shall mean any Subsidiary of such Person incorporated or organized in the United States
or any State thereof or the District of Columbia (other than (i) any such Subsidiary where all or substantially all of its assets consist of
Equity Interests of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries (for this purpose, determined without giving effect to this parenthetical) that are
controlled foreign corporations as defined in Section 957 of the Code or intercompany obligations owed or treated as owed by one or more
Foreign Subsidiaries that are controlled foreign corporations as defined in Section 957 of the Code and (ii) any Domestic Subsidiary that is
a direct or indirect Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary).

“Dominion Period” shall mean any period (a) commencing on the date on which (x) an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing or (y) Excess Availability is less than the greater of (i) 10% of Availability at such time and (ii) $80,000,000 for a period of five
consecutive Business Days and (b) ending on the first date thereafter on which (1) no Event of Default exists and (2) in the case of a
Dominion Period commencing as a result of clause (a)(y) above, Excess Availability has been equal to or greater than the greater of (i) 10%
of Availability at such time and (ii) $80,000,000 for 30 consecutive days.

“Drawing” shall have the meaning provided in Section 3.05(b).

“DTTP Passport” shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.04(e)(iv).

“Dutch Borrower” and “Dutch Borrowers” shall have the meaning provided in the first paragraph of this Agreement.

“Dutch Borrower Loans” shall mean each Dutch Borrower Revolving Loan and each Dutch Borrower Swingline Loan.

“Dutch Borrower Obligations” shall mean all Obligations owing to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Issuing
Lender or any Lender by any Dutch Borrower.

“Dutch Borrower Revolving Loan” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.01(a).

“Dutch Borrower Revolving Note” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.05(a).

“Dutch Borrower Swingline Loan” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.01(b).

21


-----


