Subsidiary of the Company to the Company or any other Subsidiary of the Company.

“Intercompany Loans” shall mean any intercompany loans and advances between or among the Company and its Subsidiaries.

“Intercreditor Agreement” shall mean an intercreditor agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent, among the Collateral Agent, the U.S. Credit Parties, the Dutch Credit Parties (if applicable), the UK Credit Parties
(if applicable) and each collateral agent or trustee for the holders of any Permitted Additional Secured Indebtedness, as amended,
modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.

“Interest Determination Date” shall mean, with respect to any LIBOR Loan, the second Business Day prior to the
commencement of any Interest Period relating to such LIBOR Loan.

“Interest Period” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.09.

“Interest Rate Protection Agreement” shall mean any interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest collar
agreement, interest rate hedging agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement.

“Inventory” shall mean “inventory” as such term is defined in Article 9 of the UCC.

“Inventory Reserves” shall mean the Physical Inventory Adjustment Reserve and the Locations Reserve.

“Investment” shall mean, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, any of the following: lending money or credit
or making advances to any other Person, or purchasing or acquiring any stock, obligations or securities of, or any other Equity Interest in,
or making any capital contribution to, any other Person, or purchasing or owning a futures contract or otherwise becoming liable for the
purchase or sale of currency or other commodities at a future date in the nature of a futures contract, or holding any cash or Cash
Equivalents.

“Investment Grade Rating” shall mean a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moody’s and BBB- (or the
equivalent) by S&P (or the equivalent investment grade rating by any other securities rating organization nationally recognized in the
United States).

“ISDA Definitions” shall mean the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.
or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate
derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto.

“Issuer Option” shall mean (a) any Note Hedge Option and (b) any Upper Strike Option.

“Issuing Lender” shall mean each of (i) DBNY (except as otherwise provided in Section 12.09), (ii) Morgan Stanley Senior
Funding Inc., (iii) Bank of America, N.A., (iv) Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, (v) Citibank, N.A., (vi) Barclays Bank PLC and (vii)
any other Lender reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Company which agrees to issue Letters of Credit hereunder;
provided

48


-----


