currently advising or will advise any Credit Party, its respective stockholders or its respective Affiliates on other matters) or any other
obligation to any Credit Party except the obligations expressly set forth in the Credit Documents and (y) each Lender is acting solely as
principal and not as the agent or fiduciary of such Credit Party, its respective management, stockholders, creditors or any other
Person. Each Credit Party acknowledges and agrees that such Credit Party has consulted its own legal and financial advisors to the extent
it deemed appropriate and that it is responsible for making its own independent judgment with respect to such transactions and the
process leading thereto. Each Credit Party agrees that it will not claim that any Lender has rendered advisory services of any nature or
respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to such Credit Party, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto.

13.1813.19. Patriot Act. Each Lender subject to the USA PATRIOT ACT (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law
October 26, 2011)) (as amended from time to time, the “Patriot Act”) hereby notifies the Company and the other Borrowers that pursuant
to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Company, the other
Borrowers and the other Credit Parties and such other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Company, the other
Borrowers and the other Credit Parties in accordance with the Patriot Act.

13.1913.20. Waiver of Sovereign Immunity. Each of the Credit Parties, in respect of itself, its Subsidiaries, its process
agents, and its properties and revenues, hereby irrevocably agrees that, to the extent that such Credit Party, its Subsidiaries or any of its
properties has or may hereafter acquire any right of immunity, whether characterized as sovereign immunity or otherwise, from any legal
proceedings, whether in the United States, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom or elsewhere, to enforce or collect upon the Loans or any
Credit Document or any other liability or obligation of such Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries related to or arising from the
transactions contemplated by any of the Credit Documents, including immunity from service of process, immunity from jurisdiction or
judgment of any court or tribunal, immunity from execution of a judgment, and immunity of any of its property from attachment prior to
any entry of judgment, or from attachment in aid of execution upon a judgment, such Credit Party, for itself and on behalf of its
Subsidiaries, hereby expressly waives, to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, any such immunity, and agrees not to assert
any such right or claim in any such proceeding, whether in the United States, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom or elsewhere. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Credit Party further agrees that the waivers set forth in this Section 13.1913.20 shall have
the fullest extent permitted under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976 of the United States and are intended to be irrevocable
for purposes of such Act.

13.2013.21. Judgment Currency. (a) The Credit Parties’ obligations hereunder and under the other Credit Documents to
make payments in the respective Available Currency (the “Obligation Currency”) shall not be discharged or satisfied by any tender or
recovery pursuant to any judgment expressed in or converted into any currency other than the Obligation Currency, except to the extent
that such tender or recovery results in the effective receipt by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the respective Issuing
Lender or the respective Lender of the full amount of the Obligation Currency (and the conversion of any such payments shall be
calculated in accordance with the provisions of this Section 13.2013.21) expressed to be payable to the Administrative Agent, the
Collateral Agent, such Issuing Lender or such Lender under this Agreement or the other Credit Documents. If for the purpose of obtaining
or enforcing judgment against any Credit Party in any court or in any jurisdiction, it becomes necessary to convert into or from any
currency other than the Obligation Currency (such other currency being hereinafter referred to as the “Judgment Currency”) an amount
due in the Obligation Currency, the conversion shall be made, at the rate of exchange (as quoted by the Administrative Agent or if the

196


-----


