such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S.
Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property)
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a
Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Credit Documents that
might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted
to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the
Supported QFC and the Credit Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without
limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in
no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support.

SECTION 14. Nature of Obligations.

14.01. Nature of Obligations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained elsewhere in this Agreement, it is
understood and agreed by the various parties to this Agreement that:

(a) all U.S. Borrower Obligations to repay principal of, interest on, and all other amounts with respect to, all U.S.
Borrower Revolving Loans, U.S. Borrower Swingline Loans, Letters of Credit issued for the account of any U.S. Borrower and all other
U.S. Borrower Obligations pursuant to this Agreement and each other Credit Document (including all fees, indemnities, taxes and other
U.S. Borrower Obligations in connection therewith or in connection with the related Commitments) shall constitute the joint and several
obligations of each of the U.S. Borrowers. In addition to the direct (and joint and several) obligations of the U.S. Borrowers with respect
to the U.S. Borrower Obligations as described above, all such U.S. Borrower Obligations shall be guaranteed pursuant to, and in
accordance with the terms of, the U.S. Guaranty, provided that the obligations of a U.S. Borrower with respect to the U.S. Borrower
Obligations as described above shall not be limited by any provision of the U.S. Guaranty entered into by such U.S. Borrower; and

(b) all Dutch Borrower Obligations to repay principal of, interest on, and all other amounts with respect to, all Dutch
Borrower Revolving Loans, Dutch Borrower Swingline Loans, Letters of Credit issued for the account of any Dutch Borrower and all other
Dutch Borrower Obligations pursuant to this Agreement and each other Credit Document (including all fees, indemnities, taxes and other
Dutch Borrower Obligations in connection therewith or in connection with the related Commitments) shall constitute the joint and several
obligations of each of the Dutch Borrowers. In addition to the direct (and joint and several) obligations of the Dutch Borrowers with
respect to Dutch Borrower Obligations as described above, all such Dutch Borrower Obligations shall be guaranteed pursuant to, and in
accordance with the terms of, each of the U.S. Guaranty and the Dutch Guaranty. and the UK Guaranty; and

(c) all UK Borrower Obligations to repay principal of, interest on, and all other amounts with respect to, all UK Borrower
Revolving Loans, Letters of Credit issued for the account of any UK Borrower and all other UK Borrower Obligations pursuant to this
Agreement and each other Credit Document (including all fees, indemnities, taxes and other UK Borrower Obligations in connection
therewith or in connection with the related Commitments) shall constitute the joint and several obligations of each of the UK
Borrowers. In addition to the direct (and joint and several) obligations of the UK Borrowers with respect to UK Borrower Obligations as
described above, all such UK Borrower

199


-----


