6.08. [Reserved].

6.09. Security Agreement. On the Effective Date, (a) each Dutch Credit Party shall have duly authorized, executed and
delivered the Dutch Security Agreements in the form of Exhibit I-1, I-2 and I-3 and (b) each U.S. Credit Party and each Dutch Credit Party
shall have duly authorized, executed and delivered the U.S. Security Agreement in the form of Exhibit I-4, in each case covering all of each
applicable Credit Party’s Security Agreement Collateral, together with:

(a) proper financing statements (Form UCC-1 or the equivalent) for filing under the UCC or other appropriate filing offices
of each jurisdiction as may be necessary or, in the reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent, desirable, to perfect the security interests
purported to be created by each Security Agreement;

(b) delivery of all promissory notes and stock certificates required to be delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to each
Security Agreement, together with undated instruments of transfer with respect thereto endorsed in blank;

(c) delivery of (A) the results of a recent search, by a Person reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, of all effective
UCC financing statements (or equivalent filings) made with respect to any personal or mixed property the creation of security interests in
which is governed by the UCC (or foreign equivalent) of any Credit Party in the jurisdiction of formation of each such entity and the
location (state and county) where such entities maintain their chief executive offices, together with copies of all such filings disclosed by
such search, and (B) UCC security termination statements (or similar documents) duly executed by all applicable Persons for filing in all
applicable jurisdictions as may be necessary to terminate any effective UCC financing statements (or equivalent filings) disclosed in such
search (other than any such financing statements in respect of Permitted Liens);

(d) confirmation that arrangements have been made by the Administrative Agent’s counsel for all other recordings and
filings of, or with respect to, each Security Agreement as may be necessary or, in the reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent, desirable,
to perfect and protect the security interests intended to be created by each Security Agreement; and

(e) evidence that all other actions required to be taken under each Security Agreement on the Effective Date to perfect
and protect the security interests purported to be created by each Security Agreement have been taken, and each Security Agreement
shall be in full force and effect.

6.10. Financial Statements. On or prior to the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received true and
correct copies of the financial statements referred to in Section 8.05(a), which financial statements shall be in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

6.11. Solvency Certificate; Insurance Certificates. On the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received:

(a) a solvency certificate from the chief financial officer of the Company in the form of Exhibit J; and

127


-----


