definition secured by (or for which the holder of such obligation has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by any Lien
on property (including accounts and contract rights) owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not such Person has assumed or
become liable for the payment of such obligation. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity
(including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is directly liable therefor pursuant to
applicable law, contract or organizational documents as a result of such Person’s ownership interest in or other relationship with such
entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Indebtedness shall not include (i) trade payables (so long as they are not more than 180 days past due), accrued expenses and deferred tax
and other credits incurred by any Person in accordance with customary practices and in the ordinary course of business of such Person,
(ii) any earn-out obligations until such obligation is past due, (iii) obligations incurred among the Credit Parties and their respective
Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business for the purchase of goods and services or, (iv) third party obligations included in the
Company’s financial statements as a result of variable interest entity accounting and (v) payments for property or services in the ordinary
course of business that are payable over a period not to exceed one year and at 0% interest. For purposes solely of (x) Sections 10.04 and
11.04, all obligations under any Interest Rate Protection Agreement or any Other Hedging Agreement (and with the amount of any such
obligations to be equal at any time to the termination value of such agreement or arrangement giving rise to such obligations that would
be payable by such Person at such time) shall be deemed to be Indebtedness and (y) Section 11.04, Qualified Preferred Stock that contains
restrictive or financial covenants shall be deemed to be Indebtedness.

“Indemnified Person” shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.01(c).

“Indemnified Taxes” shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.04(a).

“Individual Exposure” of any Lender shall mean, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving
Loans made by such Lender and then outstanding (for this purpose, using the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of amounts denominated in Euros or
any Acceptable Foreign Currency), (b) such Lender’s RL Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans then
outstanding, (c) such Lender’s RL Percentage of the aggregate amount of all Letter of Credit Outstandings (for this purpose, using the
U.S. Dollar Equivalent of amounts denominated in Euros or any Acceptable Foreign Currency) at such time and (d) such Lender’s RL
Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of all Agent Advances then outstanding.

“Initial Maturity Date” shall mean June 10July 1, 20202023.

“Initial Revolving Loan Commitments” shall mean Revolving Loan Commitments that mature on the Initial Maturity Date.

“Insolvency Proceeding” shall mean any proceeding commenced by or against any Person under any provision of the
Bankruptcy Code or under any state or foreign bankruptcy or insolvency law, assignments for the benefit of creditors, formal or informal
moratoria, compositions, extensions generally with creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization, arrangement, or other similar relief,
including any proceeding commenced by or against any Person under any Dutch Insolvency Law or UK Insolvency Law.

47


-----


