“Dutch Credit Parties” shall mean each Dutch Borrower and each Dutch Subsidiary Guarantor.

“Dutch General Security Agreement” shall mean the Dutch Security Agreement, dated as of the Effective Date, in the form of
Exhibit I-3, as amended, modified, restated and/or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.

“Dutch Guarantors” shall mean and include each Dutch Borrower (in its capacity as a guarantor under the Dutch Guaranty) and
each Dutch Subsidiary Guarantor.

“Dutch Guaranty” shall mean the Dutch Guaranty, dated as of the Effective Date, in the form of Exhibit G-1, as amended,
modified, restated and/or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.

“Dutch Insolvency Law”shall mean any of Faillissementswet, Insolventieverordening (EC) 1346/2000 and Invorderingswet 1990,
each as now and hereafter in effect, and any successors to such statutes and any proceeding under applicable corporate law seeking an
arrangement or compromise of any debts of the corporation, or a stay of proceedings to enforce any claims of the corporation’s creditors
against it.

“Dutch Inventory Security Agreement” shall mean the Security Agreement (Inventory), dated as of the Effective Date, in the
form of Exhibit I-1, as amended, modified, restated and/or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and
thereof.

“Dutch Parallel Debt” shall have the meaning provided in Section 12.12(a).

“Dutch Priority Payables” shall mean, at any time, with respect to any Credit Party which has employees in the Netherlands or
otherwise carries on business in the Netherlands or which leases, sells or otherwise owns goods in the Netherlands or has Accounts with
Account Debtors located in the Netherlands, the aggregate amount of any liabilities of such Credit Party which are secured by a security
interest, pledge, lien, charge, right or claim on any Collateral or the holder of which enjoys a right, in each case, pursuant to any
applicable law, rule or regulation and which trust, security interest, pledge, lien, charge, right or claim ranks or is capable of ranking in
priority to or pari passu with one or more of the Liens granted in the Security Documents.

“Dutch Priority Payables Reserve” shall mean, on any date of determination for the Dutch Borrowing Base, a reserve
established from time to time by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion in such amount as the Administrative Agent may
reasonably determine in respect of Dutch Priority Payables of the Dutch Credit Parties.

“Dutch Receivables Security Agreement” shall mean the Security Agreement (Receivables), dated as of the Effective Date, in
the form of Exhibit I-2, as amended, modified, restated and/or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and
thereof.

“Dutch Retention of Title Reserve” shall mean, on any date of determination for the Dutch Borrowing Base, a reserve
established from time to time by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion for amounts of any claims preferred by law which
rank or are capable of ranking senior to the Obligations.

23


-----


