10.02. Fundamental Changes. (a) The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, (x) merge into or
consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, (y) sell, transfer, license, lease, enter
intoconsummate any sale-leaseback transactions with respect to, or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series of transactions,
including pursuant to a Division) all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (z) liquidate
or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default or Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing:

(i) (x) any Subsidiary or any other Person (other than the Company) may merge into or consolidate with a U.S.
Borrower in a transaction in which such U.S. Borrower is the surviving corporation and, (y) any Foreign Subsidiary (other than
Tesla B.V. or a UK Borrower) or any other Person (other than the Company, Tesla B.V., any UK Borrower or any Domestic
Subsidiary) may merge into or consolidate with a Dutch Borrower in a transaction in which such Dutch Borrower is the
surviving corporation; and (z) any Foreign Subsidiary (other than Tesla UK or a Dutch Borrower) or any other Person (other
than the Company, Tesla UK or a Dutch Borrower or any Domestic Subsidiary) may merge into or consolidate with a UK
Borrower in a transaction in which such UK Borrower is the surviving corporation;

(ii) (x) any Person (other than a Borrower) may merge into or consolidate with any Subsidiary in a transaction
in which the surviving entity is a Subsidiary (provided that (A) any such merger or consolidation involving a U.S. Credit Party
must result in a U.S. Credit Party as the surviving entity and (B) subject to clause (A) above, any such merger or consolidation
involving a Dutch Credit Party or a UK Credit Party must result in a Dutch Credit Party or a UK Credit Party, respectively, as
the surviving entity);

(iii) the Company or any Subsidiary may sell, transfer, license, lease or otherwise dispose of its assets to the
Company or to another Subsidiary;

(iv) any Subsidiary (other than a Borrower) may liquidate or dissolve if the Company determines in good faith
that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Company and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders;
and

(v) any Subsidiary may merge into or consolidate with any other Person in a transaction not otherwise
prohibited hereunder and all or substantially all of the Equity Interests of any Subsidiary may be sold, transferred or otherwise
disposed of, in a transaction not otherwise prohibited hereby.

(b) The Company will not, and will not permit any U.S. Credit Party or, Dutch Credit Party or UK Credit Party,
to change its jurisdiction of organization to the extent that it involves (i) a U.S. Credit Party ceasing to be organized in the United States
or, (ii) a Dutch Credit Party ceasing to be organized in the Netherlands or (iii) a UK Credit Party ceasing to be incorporated in England
and Wales.

10.03. Dividends. The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, authorize, declare or pay any
Dividends with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except that:

156


-----


