8.15. Compliance with Statutes, etc. Each of theThe Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all
applicable statutes, regulations and orders of, and all applicable restrictions imposed by, all Governmental Authorities in respect of the
conduct of its business and the ownership of its property (including Environmental Laws), except such non-compliances as could not,
either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

8.16. Investment Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is an “investment company” or a
company “controlled” by an “investment company,” within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

8.17. Environmental Matters. (a) Except as could not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect:

(ia) each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries isare in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws and
hashave obtained and isare in compliance with the terms of any permits required to be obtained by any of them under such Environmental
Laws;

(iib) there are no Environmental Claims pending or, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of the Company,
threatened in writing, against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(iiic) no Lien, other than a Permitted Lien, has been recorded or, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of the
Company, threatened in writing under any Environmental Law with respect to any Real Property owned, leased or operated by the
Company or any of its Subsidiary (including any such claim arising out of the ownership, lease or operation by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries of any Real Property formerly owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries but no longer owned,
leased or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries);

(ivd) except as disclosed in the Company’s filings with the SEC prior to the Effective Date regarding the Company’s
Fremont facility, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has agreed to assume or accept responsibility for any existing liability of
any other Person under any Environmental Law; and

(ve) except as disclosed in the Company’s filings with the SEC prior to the Effective Date regarding the Company’s
Fremont facility, there are no facts, circumstances, conditions or occurrences with respect to the past or present business, operations,
properties or facilities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective predecessors, that could reasonably be
expected to give rise to any Environmental Claim against or any liability for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under any
Environmental Law.

(b) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any letter or request for information
under Section 104(e) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. § 9601, et seq.) or
any comparable state law with regard to any matter that could reasonably be expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to
result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been issued or been required to obtain a permit for
the treatment, storage or disposal of hazardous waste for any of its facilities pursuant to the federal Resource Conservation and
Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. § 6901, et. seq.

136


-----


