and Equipment of the U.S. Borrowers; provided that any time that any Event of Default exists, the Company shall provide an Acceptable
Appraisal in respect of the Eligible Machinery and Equipment of the U.S. Borrowers as often as the Administrative Agent may reasonably
require. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company shall be permitted to deliver an Acceptable Appraisal in respect of Eligible Machinery
and Equipment of the U.S. Borrowers at its option at any time. At the request of the Administrative Agent at any time during an Additional
Appraisal/Exam Period (which request shall not be made more than one time during each fiscal year of the Company), the Company shall
assist the Administrative Agent in procuring an Acceptable Appraisal in respect of the Eligible Real Property of the U.S. Borrowers;
provided that any time that any Event of Default exists, the Company shall assist the Administrative Agent in procuring an Acceptable
Appraisal in respect of the Eligible Real Property of the U.S. Borrowers as often as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require. Each
such appraisal and field examination shall be at the sole cost and expense of the Company.

(k) Other Reporting. Upon the request of the Administrative Agent, as soon as available, but in any event (x) no later than
20 days after the end of each fiscal month of the Company ending after the Effective Date and (y) at any time that an Event of Default shall
be continuing, a detailed aged trial balance for such period showing Accounts listed in the Borrowing Base and a detailed summary of all
Accounts listed in the Borrowing Base indicating which Accounts are 30, 60 and 90 days past due and listing the names of all Account
Debtors, accompanied by such supporting detail and documentation as shall be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent.

(l) Patriot Act. Promptly following the Administrative Agent’s or any Lender’s request therefor, all documentation and
other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under
the applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act.[Reserved].

(m) Cancellation of Insurance. Promptly (but in any event within three Business Days of receipt thereof) inform the
Administrative Agent if any Credit Party receives notice of cancellation of any insurance policy required to be maintained pursuant to
Section 9.03.[Reserved].

(n) Change in Name. (i) 10 days (or such lesser time as agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior written
notice of any change in the legal name of any Credit Party and with respect to such new name, the Company and the applicable Credit
Party shall take all action reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent to ensure the security interests of the Collateral Agent in the
Collateral intended to be granted pursuant to the applicable Security Documents is at all times fully perfected and in full force and
effect, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement and the applicable Security Documents, and (ii) 10 days (or such lesser
time as agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior written notice of any change in the jurisdiction of organization of any Credit Party
and with respect to such new jurisdiction of organization, the Company and the applicable Credit Party shall take all action reasonably
requested by the Collateral Agent to ensure the security interests of the Collateral Agent in the Collateral intended to be granted
pursuant to the applicable Security Documents is at all times fully perfected and in full force and effect, subject to the limitations set
forth in this Agreement and in the applicable Security Documents.

(n) [Reserved].

142


-----


