provided, however, that (i) Eligible U.S. Inventory shall only be included in the U.S. Borrowing Base to the extent that the Administrative
Agent shall have received an Acceptable Appraisal in respect of such Eligible U.S. Inventory, (ii) Eligible Equipment and Machinery shall
only be included in the U.S. Borrowing Base to the extent that the Administrative Agent shall have received an Acceptable Appraisal in
respect of such Eligible Equipment and Machinery (provided that no appraisal shall be required in respect of Equipment for which the
consideration therefor was less than or equal to $1,500,000 and, at the Permitted Discretion of the Administrative Agent no appraisal shall
be required in respect of any Equipment for which the consideration therefor was in excess of $1,500,000, in each case to the extent there
is an Acceptable Existing Appraisal in respect thereof, in which case the Applicable Value thereof shall be based on a “desktop appraisal”
(it being understood that once there is no longer an Acceptable Existing Appraisal in respect of such Equipment, the Applicable Value
thereof shall be determined pursuant to the definition of “Applicable Value”, provided that to the extent the Applicable Value cannot be
determined pursuant to clause (a) of such definition, then for purposes of determining the “Amortized Value” of such Equipment, the most
recent Acceptable Appraisal shall be deemed to be the appraisal that was the most recent Acceptable Existing Appraisal in respect of such
Equipment)), (iii) the Eligible Inventory included in the Borrowing Base pursuant to clauses (a)(iii) through (viii) above shall be calculated
net of any applicable Inventory Reserves and (iv) the aggregate amount included in the U.S. Borrowing Base pursuant to clauses (a)(ix)
and (a)(x) above shall not exceed 30% of the Total Borrowing Base. The Administrative Agent shall have the right (but not the obligation)
to review such computations and if, in its Permitted Discretion, such computations have not been calculated in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall have the right to correct any such errors in such manner as it shall determine in its
Permitted Discretion and the Administrative Agent will notify the Company promptly after making any such correction.

“U.S. Cash Contribution” shall have the meaning provided in the definition of U.S. Borrowing Base.

“U.S. Collection Banks” shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.03(b).

“U.S. Corresponding Debt” shall mean the Obligations of a U.S. Credit Party under or in connection with the Credit Documents.

“U.S. Credit Parties” shall mean the Company, each other U.S. Borrower and each U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor.

“U.S. Dollar Denominated Revolving Loans” shall mean each Revolving Loan denominated in U.S. Dollars at the time of the
incurrence thereof.

“U.S. Dollar Equivalent” of an amount denominated in a currency other than U.S. Dollars shall mean, at any time for the
determination thereof, the amount of U.S. Dollars which could be purchased with the amount of such currency involved in such
computation at the spot exchange rate therefor as quoted by the Administrative Agent as of 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the date
two Business Days prior to the date of any determination thereof (or, in the case of amount denominated in Sterling on the date of any
determination thereof), for purchase on such date (or on the date of the respective unreimbursed payment under a Letter of Credit
denominated in a currency other than U.S. Dollars as provided in Sections 3.04(c) and 3.05(a), as the case may be); provided that for
purposes of (x) determining compliance with Sections 2.01(a), 2.01(b), 2.01(e), 3.02, 5.02(a), 7.01 and 7.03 and (y) calculating Fees
pursuant to Section 4.01 (except Fees which are expressly required to be paid in a

75


-----


