right of return as we do not believe the customer has a significant economic incentive to exercise the resale value guarantee provided to them at contract
inception. The process to determine whether there is a significant economic incentive includes a comparison of a vehicle’s estimated market value at the time
the option is exercisable with the guaranteed resale value to determine the customer’s economic incentive to exercise. The performance obligations and the
pattern of recognizing automotive sales with resale value guarantees are consistent with automotive sales without resale value guarantees with the exception of
our estimate for sales return reserve. Sales return reserves for automotive sales with resale value guarantees are estimated based on historical experience plus
consideration for expected future market values. On a quarterly basis, we assess the estimated market values of vehicles under our buyback options program to
determine whether there have been changes to the likelihood of future product returns. As we accumulate more data related to the buyback values of our
vehicles or as market conditions change, there may be material changes to their estimated values.

Automotive Regulatory Credits

We earn tradable credits in the operation of our automotive business under various regulations related to ZEVs, greenhouse gas, fuel economy and clean
fuel. We sell these credits to other regulated entities who can use the credits to comply with emission standards and other regulatory requirements. Payments
for automotive regulatory credits are typically received at the point control transfers to the customer, or in accordance with payment terms customary to the
business. We recognize revenue on the sale of automotive regulatory credits at the time control of the regulatory credits is transferred to the purchasing party
as automotive sales revenue in the consolidated statements of operations.

Automotive Leasing Revenue

Direct Vehicle Operating Leasing Program

We have outstanding leases under our direct vehicle operating leasing programs in the U.S., Canada and in certain countries in Europe. Qualifying
customers are permitted to lease a vehicle directly from Tesla for up to 48 months. At the end of the lease term, customers are required to return the vehicles
to us or for Model S and Model X leases in certain regions, may opt to purchase the vehicles for a pre-determined residual value. We account for these leasing
transactions as operating leases. We record leasing revenues to automotive leasing revenue on a straight-line basis over the contractual term, and we record
the depreciation of these vehicles to cost of automotive leasing revenue.

Our policy is to exclude taxes collected from a customer from the transaction price of automotive contracts.

Vehicle Sales to Leasing Partners with a Resale Value Guarantee and a Buyback Option

We offered buyback options in connection with automotive sales with resale value guarantees with certain leasing partner sales in the U.S. and where
we expected the customer had a significant economic incentive to exercise the resale value guarantee provided to them at contract inception, we continued to
recognize these transactions as operating leases. These transactions entailed a transfer of leases, which we had originated with an end-customer, to our leasing
partner. As control of the vehicles had not been transferred in accordance with ASC 606, these transactions were accounted for as interest-bearing
collateralized borrowings in accordance with ASC 840, Leases, prior to January 1, 2019. Under this program, cash was received for the full price of the vehicle
and the collateralized borrowing value was generally recorded within resale value guarantees and the customer upfront down payment was recorded within
deferred revenue. We amortize the deferred revenue amount to automotive leasing revenue on a straight-line basis over the option period and accrue interest
expense based on our borrowing rate. We capitalized vehicles under this program to operating lease vehicles, net, on the consolidated balance sheets, and we
record depreciation from these vehicles to cost of automotive leasing revenue during the period the vehicle is under a lease arrangement. Cash received for
these vehicles, net of revenue recognized during the period, is classified as collateralized lease (repayments) borrowings within cash flows from financing
activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. With the adoption of ASC 842 on January 1, 2019, all new agreements under this program are accounted
for as operating leases under ASC 842 and there was no material change in the timing and amount of revenue recognized over the term. Consequently, any
cash flows for new agreements are classified as operating cash activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows.

At the end of the lease term, we settle our liability in cash by either purchasing the vehicle from the leasing partner for the buyback option amount or
paying a shortfall to the option amount the leasing partner may realize on the sale of the vehicle. Any remaining balances within deferred revenue and resale
value guarantee will be settled to automotive leasing revenue. The end customer can extend the lease for a period of up to 6 months. In cases where the leasing
partner retains ownership of the vehicle after the end of our option period, we expense the net value of the leased vehicle to cost of automotive leasing revenue.

35


-----


