8.20. Indebtedness. Schedule 8.20 to the Disclosure Letter sets forth a list of all Indebtedness (including
Contingent Obligations) of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the Effective Date and which is to remain outstanding after giving effect
to the Transaction (excluding (i) the Obligations, (ii) the Existing Convertible Notes and (iii) any existing intercompany Indebtedness
among the Company and its Subsidiaries) (all such non-excluded Indebtedness (other than such intercompany Indebtedness), “Existing
Indebtedness”), in each case showing the aggregate principal amount thereof and the name of the respective borrower and any Credit
Party or any of its Subsidiaries which directly or indirectly guarantees such debt.

8.20. [Reserved].

8.21. Insurance. Schedule 8.21 to the Disclosure Letter sets forth a listing of all insurance maintained by the Company
and its Subsidiaries as of the Effective Date, with the amounts insured (and any deductibles) set forth therein.[Reserved].

8.22. Borrowing Base Calculation. The calculation by the Company of eachthe Borrowing Base in any Borrowing Base
Certificate delivered hereunder is complete and accurate.

8.23. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. The Company has implemented and maintains in effect policies and
procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents
with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees, and to
the knowledge of the Company its directors and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all
material respects and are not knowingly engaged in any activity that would reasonably be expected to result in any Borrower being
designated as a Sanctioned Person. None of (i) the Company or its Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective directors, officers or
employees, or (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, any agent of the Company or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in
connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No use of proceeds or other transaction
contemplated by this Agreement will violate Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions.

8.24. No Default. No Credit Party is in default under or with respect to any of its contractual obligations in any respect
that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

8.25. Fiscal Unity. No Dutch Credit Party is a member of a fiscal unity (fiscal eenheid) other than (a) a fiscal unity among
the Dutch Credit Parties only or (b) so long as the Tax Sharing Agreement remains in full force and effect, a fiscal unity among the Dutch
Credit Parties and other Dutch Affiliates of Tesla B.V. from time to time party to such Tax Sharing Agreement, Tesla Motors Netherlands
Coöperatief U.A., and the New B.V.

SECTION 9. Affirmative Covenants. Each of the Company and each other Borrower hereby covenants and agrees that on
and after the Effective Date and until the Total Revolving Loan Commitment and all Letters of Credit have terminated (or have been cash
collateralized or backstopped by another letter of credit, in either case on terms and pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to
the Administrative Agent and the respective Issuing Lenders (which arrangements, in any event, shall require such cash collateral or
backstop letter of credit to be in a stated amount equal to at least 102% of the aggregate Stated Amount of all Letters of Credit
outstanding at such time)) and the Loans, Notes and

138


-----


