three Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent, an Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender, acting in good faith, to provide
a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet
such obligations) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under this
Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon the receipt by the
Administrative Agent, the applicable Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender, as applicable, of such certification in form and substance
satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, become the subject of a
Bankruptcy Event, or (e) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, become the subject of a Bail-In Action.

“Deposit Account” shall mean a demand, time, savings, passbook or like account with a bank, savings and loan association,
credit union or like organization.

“Designated Cash” shall mean, at any time, the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate amount of U.S. Dollars and Cash
Equivalents of the U.S. Borrowers and U.S. Guarantors that is (a) Unrestricted, (b) deposited in a Deposit Account or securities account
located in the United States that is subject to a Cash Management Control Agreement in favor of the Administrative Agent, (c) subject to a
First Priority Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Creditors, (d) subject to no other Liens other than Permitted
Cash Management Liens and (e) not Eligible U.S. Cash and Cash Equivalents.

“Dilution Percentage” shall mean the average of the rolling twelve month dilution percentages, calculated to the first decimal
place, determined for the Company’s most recently completed twelve month period, which shall be measured at the end of the second
month of each fiscal quarter of the Company most recently ended. The dilution percentage shall equal (a) in respect of the U.S.
Borrowers, the proportion of (i) bad debt write-downs or write-offs, discounts, returns, promotions, credits, credit memos, and other
dilutive items with respect to Accounts of the U.S. Borrowers for such twelve monthly period, divided by (ii) gross billings of the U.S.
Borrowers for such twelve monthly period and (b) in respect of the Dutch Borrowers, the proportion of (i) bad debt write-downs or writeoffs, discounts, returns, promotions, credits, credit memos, and other dilutive items with respect to Accounts of the Dutch Borrowers for
such twelve monthly period, divided by (ii) gross billings of the Dutch Borrowers for such twelve monthly period.

“Dilution Reserve” shall mean a reserve against the applicable Borrowing Base in an amount equal to the percentage
(calculated to the first decimal place) that the Dilution Percentage exceeds 5%.

“Disclosure Letter” shall mean the disclosure letter, dated as of the Effective Date, delivered by Company to the Administrative
Agent for the benefit of the Lenders.

“Dividend” shall mean, with respect to any Person, that such Person has declared or paid a dividend or distribution or returned
any equity capital to its stockholders, partners or members in their capacity as such or authorized or made any other distribution, payment
or delivery of property (in each case other than common Equity Interests of such Person or Preferred Equity of such Person meeting the
requirements of Qualified Preferred Stock) or cash to its stockholders, partners or members in their capacity as such, or redeemed,
retired, purchased or otherwise acquired, directly or indirectly, for a consideration any shares of any class of its capital stock or any other
Equity Interests outstanding on or after the Effective Date, or set aside any funds for any of the foregoing purposes, or shall have
permitted any of its Subsidiaries to purchase or otherwise acquire for a consideration any shares of any class of the

20


-----


