Funds Rate for the first three days and at the interest rate otherwise applicable to such Revolving Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, in
each case maintained as Base Rate Loans hereunder for each day thereafter.

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2.01(a) or (b) or elsewhere in this Agreement, the Administrative
Agent shall have the right to establish Reserves in such amounts, and with respect to such matters, but subject to the limitations contained
in the definitions of “Reserves”, “Eligible Accounts”, “Eligible Inventory”, “Eligible Machinery and Equipment” and “Eligible Real
Property” herein, as the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion shall deem necessary or appropriate, against the U.S. Borrowing
Base or the Dutch Borrowing Base or the UK Borrowing Base (as the case may be) (which Reserves shall reduce the then existing
applicable Borrowing Base in an amount equal to such Reserves).

(e) (i) In the event that the Borrowers are unable to comply with any Borrowing Base limitations set forth in Section
2.01(a) or (b) or (ii) the Borrowers are unable to satisfy the conditions precedent to the making of Revolving Loans set forth in Section 7,
in either case, the Lenders, subject to the immediately succeeding proviso, hereby authorize the Administrative Agent, for the account of
the Lenders, to make U.S. Borrower Revolving Loans to any U.S. Borrower (on a joint and several basis with the other U.S. Borrowers) or
Dutch Borrower Revolving Loans to any Dutch Borrower (on a joint and several basis with the other Dutch Borrowers) or UK Borrower
Revolving Loans to any UK Borrower (on a joint and several basis with the other UK Borrowers) solely in the event that the Administrative
Agent in its Permitted Discretion deems necessary or desirable (A) to preserve or protect the Collateral, or any portion thereof, (B) to
enhance the likelihood of repayment of the Obligations, or (C) to pay any other amount chargeable to the Borrowers pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement and then due, including Expenses and Fees, which Revolving Loans may only be made in U.S. Dollars as Base Rate
Loans (each, an “Agent Advance”) for a period commencing on the date the Administrative Agent first receives a Notice of Borrowing
requesting an Agent Advance until the earliest of (x) the 30th Business Day after such date, (y) the date the respective Borrowers are
again able to comply with the applicable Borrowing Base limitations and the conditions precedent to the making of Revolving Loans, or
obtain an amendment or waiver with respect thereto and (z) the date the Required Lenders instruct the Administrative Agent to cease
making Agent Advances (in each case, the “Agent Advance Period”); provided that the Administrative Agent shall not make any Agent
Advance to any U.S. Borrower or, Dutch Borrower or UK Borrower to the extent that at the time of the making of such Agent Advance, the
amount of such Agent Advance (I) when added to the aggregate outstanding amount of all other Agent Advances made to (x) the U.S.
Borrowers at such time, would exceed 5% of the U.S. Borrowing Base at such time or, (y) the Dutch Borrowers at such time, would exceed
5% of the Dutch Borrowing Base at such time or (z) the UK Borrowers at such time, would exceed 5% of the UK Borrowing Base at such
time or (II) when added to the Aggregate Exposure as then in effect (immediately prior to the incurrence of such Agent Advance), would
exceed the Total Revolving Loan Commitment at such time. Agent Advances may be made by the Administrative Agent in its sole
discretion and no Borrower shall have any right whatsoever to require that any Agent Advances be made. Agent Advances will be subject
to periodic settlement with the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01(c).

(f) If the Initial Maturity Date shall have occurred at a time when 2023 Extended Revolving Loan Commitments or
Extended Revolving Loan Commitments are in effect, then on the Initial Maturity Date all then outstanding Swingline Loans shall be
repaid in full on such date (and there shall be no adjustment to the participations in such Swingline Loans as a result of the occurrence of
such Initial Maturity Date) or refinanced with a borrowing of a 2023 Extended Revolving Loan or an Extended

82


-----


