Agent in its Permitted Discretion. The applicable Reserve shall be promptly adjusted or released at such time when the event, condition or
circumstance that is the basis for such Reserve ceases to exist or is otherwise addressed, in each case, to the reasonable satisfaction of the
Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company in writing at or before the time any such Reserve in a material
amount is to be established or increased, but a non-willful failure of the Administrative Agent to so notify the Company shall not be a
breach of this Agreement and shall not cause such establishment or increase of a Reserve to be ineffective.

“Responsible Officer” shall mean the chief executive officer, the president, the chief operating officer, the chief financial officer,
the treasurer or any other senior or executive officer of a Person.

“Resolution Authority” shall mean an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution
Authority.

“Restricted” shall mean, when referring to cash or Cash Equivalents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, that such cash
or Cash Equivalents (i) appears (or would be required to appear) as “restricted” on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company or of any
such Subsidiary (unless such appearance is related to the Credit Documents or Liens created thereunder), (ii) are subject to any Lien in
favor of any Person other than (x) the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors and (y) Permitted Liens under Sections
10.01(a), (p) and (s) or (iii) are not otherwise generally available for use by the Company or such Subsidiary.

“Returns” shall have the meaning provided in Section 8.09.

“Revolving Loan” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.01(a).

“Revolving Loan Commitment” shall mean, for each Lender, the amount set forth opposite such Lender’s name in Schedule
1.01(a) directly below the column entitled “Revolving Loan Commitment,” as same may be (x) reduced from time to time or terminated
pursuant to Sections 4.02, 4.03 and/or 11, as applicable, (y) adjusted from time to time as a result of assignments to or from such Lender
pursuant to Section 2.13 or Section 13.0413.05(b) or (z) increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.14. In addition, the Revolving
Loan Commitment of each Lender shall include any 2023 Extended Revolving Commitment and any Extended Revolving Loan Commitment
of such Lender.

“Revolving Note” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.05.

“RL Percentage” of any Lender at any time shall mean a fraction (expressed as a percentage) the numerator of which is the
Revolving Loan Commitment of such Lender at such time and the denominator of which is the Total Revolving Loan Commitment at such
time, provided that if the RL Percentage of any Lender is to be determined after the Total Revolving Loan Commitment has been
terminated, then the RL Percentages of such Lender shall be determined immediately prior (and without giving effect) to such
termination.

“S&P” shall mean Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC.

“Sales Taxes” shall mean any amounts which are due and owing to any Governmental Authority of the United States or any
state thereof in respect of sales taxes to the extent such amounts are collected

64


-----


