efforts, stating that such insurance shall not be canceled or materially revised without at least 30 days’ (or at least 10 days in the case of
nonpayment of premium) prior written notice by the insurer to the Collateral Agent.

6.12. Fees, Expenses. On the Effective Date, the Borrowers shall have paid to the Arrangers (as defined in the Original
Credit Agreement) and the Agents (as defined in the Original Credit Agreement) (and their relevant affiliates) and each Lender all costs,
duties, fees and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and expenses and all expenses of any collateral appraiser and any field
examiner) and other compensation contemplated hereby or separately agreed in writing payable to the Arrangers (as defined in the
Original Credit Agreement) or the Agents (as defined in the Original Credit Agreement) (and/or their relevant affiliates) or such Lender to
the extent then due and invoiced at least one Business Day prior to the Effective Date.

6.13. Initial Borrowing Base Certificate; Outstanding Indebtedness. (a) On the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent
shall have received the initial Borrowing Base Certificate meeting the requirements of Section 9.01(h).

(b) On the Effective Date and after giving effect to the Transaction (and the Credit Events hereunder on such date), the
Company and its Subsidiaries shall have no outstanding Indebtedness, Contingent Obligations or Preferred Equity, except (x) for
Indebtedness outstanding under to this Agreement, (y) the Existing Convertible Notes and (z) such existing Indebtedness and Contingent
Obligations as shall be permitted under Section 10.04.

6.14. Appraisals; Field Examinations. On or prior to the Effective Date, the Company shall have provided to the Agents (i)
an Acceptable Appraisal in respect of (x) the Inventory of the Borrowers and (y) the Eligible Machinery and Equipment of the U.S.
Borrowers and (ii) an Acceptable Field Examination in respect of the Inventory and the Accounts and the related accounts of the
Borrowers. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 6.14, to the extent the Acceptable Field Examination
required by clause (ii) above in respect of Accounts cannot be delivered on or prior to the Effective Date, the delivery of such Acceptable
Field Examination shall not be a condition precedent but instead shall be required to be delivered in accordance with Section 9.12(h).

6.15. Patriot Act. Not later than the fifth Business Day prior to the Effective Date, the Agents and the Lenders shall have
received from the Credit Parties all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under applicable “know your
customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act.

In determining the satisfaction of the conditions specified in this Section 6, (x) to the extent any item is required to be
satisfactory to any Lender or Agent (other than the Administrative Agent), such item shall be deemed satisfactory to each Lender and each
Agent (other than the Administrative Agent) which has not notified the Administrative Agent in writing prior to the occurrence of the
Effective Date that the respective item or matter does not meet its satisfaction and (y) in determining whether any Lender or Agent (other
than the Administrative Agent) is aware of any fact, condition or event that has occurred and which would reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect, each Lender and each Agent (other than the Administrative Agent) which has not notified the Administrative
Agent in writing prior to the occurrence of the Effective Date of such fact, condition or event shall be deemed not to be aware of any such
fact, condition or event on the Effective Date. Upon the Administrative Agent’s good faith determination that the conditions specified in
this Section 6 have been met (after giving effect to the

128


-----


