14.02. Independent Obligation. The obligations of each Borrower with respect to its Borrower Obligations are
independent of the Obligations of each other Borrower or any Guarantor under its Guaranty of such Borrower Obligations, and a separate
action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against each Borrower, whether or not any other Borrower or any Guarantor is joined in
any such action or actions. Each Borrower waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting
its liability hereunder or the enforcement thereof. Any payment by any Borrower or other circumstance which operates to toll any statute
of limitations as to any Borrower shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, operate to toll the statute of limitations as to each Borrower.

14.03. Authorization. Each of the Borrowers authorizes the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing
Lenders and the Lenders without notice or demand (except as shall be required by applicable statute and cannot be waived), and without
affecting or impairing its liability hereunder, from time to time to, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and the Credit
Documents:

(a) exercise or refrain from exercising any rights against any other Borrower or any Guarantor or others or otherwise act
or refrain from acting;

(b) release or substitute any other Borrower, endorsers, Guarantors or other obligors;

(c) settle or compromise any of the Borrower Obligations of any other Borrower or any other Credit Party, any security
therefor or any liability (including any of those hereunder) incurred directly or indirectly in respect thereof or hereof, and may subordinate
the payment of all or any part thereof to the payment of any liability (whether due or not) of any Borrower to its creditors other than the
Lenders;

(d) apply any sums paid by any other Borrower or any other Person, howsoever realized to any liability or liabilities of
such other Borrower or other Person regardless of what liability or liabilities of such other Borrower or other Person remain unpaid;
and/or

(e) consent to or waive any breach of, or act, omission or default under, this Agreement or any of the instruments or
agreements referred to herein, or otherwise, by any other Borrower or any other Person.

14.04. Reliance. It is not necessary for the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Issuing Lender or any Lender
to inquire into the capacity or powers of the Company, any other Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries or the officers, directors,
members, partners or agents acting or purporting to act on its behalf, and any Borrower Obligations made or created in reliance upon the
professed exercise of such powers shall constitute the joint and several obligations of the respective Borrowers hereunder.

14.05. Contribution; Subrogation. No Borrower shall exercise any rights of contribution or subrogation with respect to
any other Borrower as a result of payments made by it hereunder, in each case unless and until (a) the Total Revolving Loan Commitment
and all Letters of Credit have been terminated (or have been cash collateralized or backstopped by another letter of credit, in either case
on terms and pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the respective Issuing Lenders (which
arrangements, in any event, shall require such cash collateral or backstop letter of credit to be in a stated amount equal to not more than
102% of the aggregate Stated Amount of all Letters of Credit outstanding at such time)) and (b) all of the Obligations have been paid in
full in cash (other than

200


-----


