(or any successor category of liabilities under Regulation D); provided, further, that if the LIBO Rate is less than zero, such rate shall be
deemed to be zero for purposes hereof.

“LIBOR Loan” shall mean each (i) U.S. Dollar Denominated Revolving Loan designated as such by the applicable Borrower at
the time of the incurrence thereof or conversion thereto and (ii) each Loan denominated in Euros or any Acceptable Foreign Currency.

“LIBOR Screen Rate” shall have the meaning provided in the definition of “LIBO Rate”.

“Lien” shall mean any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment for security, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien
(statutory or other), charge, preference, priority or other security agreement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional
sale or other title retention agreement and any lease having substantially the same effect as any of the foregoing).

“Liquidity Threshold” shall mean an amount equal to 50% of the Total Revolving Loan Commitment then in effect.

“Loan” shall mean each Revolving Loan and each Swingline Loan.

“Locations Reserve” shall mean a reserve established by the Administrative Agent in respect of Inventory located at locations
with less than $100,000 of total Inventory.

“LLC” means any Person that is a limited liability company under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation.

“Mandatory Borrowing” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.01(c).

“Manufacturing Facility” shall mean any manufacturing facilities or Gigafactory facilities established by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries from time to time.

“Margin Stock” shall have the meaning provided in Regulation U.

“Material Acquisition” shall mean any Acquisition that involves the payment of consideration by the Company and its
Subsidiaries in excess of the greater of $75,000,000 and 1.0% of Consolidated Total Assets.

“Material Adverse Effect” shall mean (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect on, the business, operations,
property, assets, liabilities (actual or contingent) or financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole or (b) a
material adverse effect (i) on the rights or remedies of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder or under
any other Credit Document, (ii) on the ability of the Credit Parties taken as a whole to perform their payment obligations to the Lenders,
the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Credit Document, or (iii) upon the legality, validity, binding
effect or enforceability against any Credit Party of any Credit Document to which it is a party.

“Material Disposition” shall mean any disposition of (i) all or substantially all of the assets of, or the assets constituting a
business, division or product line of, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or

51


-----


