The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and
reflect our accounts and operations and those of our subsidiaries in which we have a controlling financial interest. In accordance with the provisions of
Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 810, Consolidation, we consolidate any variable interest entity (“VIE”) of which we are the primary beneficiary. We
form VIEs with financing fund investors in the ordinary course of business in order to facilitate the funding and monetization of certain attributes associated
with solar energy systems and leases under our direct vehicle leasing programs. The typical condition for a controlling financial interest ownership is holding a
majority of the voting interests of an entity; however, a controlling financial interest may also exist in entities, such as VIEs, through arrangements that do not
involve controlling voting interests. ASC 810 requires a variable interest holder to consolidate a VIE if that party has the power to direct the activities of the VIE
that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE or
the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. We do not consolidate a VIE in which we have a majority ownership
interest when we are not considered the primary beneficiary. We have determined that we are the primary beneficiary of all the VIEs (see Note 17, Variable
Interest Entity Arrangements). We evaluate our relationships with all the VIEs on an ongoing basis to ensure that we continue to be the primary beneficiary. All
intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated upon consolidation.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures in the accompanying notes.

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, there has been uncertainty and disruption in the global economy and financial markets. The estimates used for, but not
limited to, determining significant economic incentive for resale value guarantee arrangements, sales return reserves, the collectability of accounts receivable,
inventory valuation, fair value of long-lived assets, goodwill, fair value of financial instruments, fair value and residual value of operating lease vehicles and solar
energy systems subject to leases could be impacted. We have assessed the impact and are not aware of any specific events or circumstances that required an
update to our estimates and assumptions or materially affected the carrying value of our assets or liabilities as of the date of issuance of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. These estimates may change as new events occur and additional information is obtained. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates
under different assumptions or conditions.


Reclassifications

Certain prior period balances have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation in the consolidated financial statements and the
accompanying notes. Restricted cash and MyPower customer notes receivable have been reclassified to other assets and resale value guarantees has been
reclassified to other liabilities.

Revenue Recognition

Adoption of ASC 606 revenue standard


On January 1, 2018, we adopted ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, using the modified retrospective method.


60


-----


