(c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such
Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such
Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer representative.

For the avoidance of doubt, a “Benchmark Transition Event” will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if
a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such
Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

“Benchmark Unavailability Period” shall mean, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that
a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement
has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Credit Document in accordance with Section 2.10
and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and
under any Credit Document in accordance with Section 2.10.

“Beneficial Ownership Certification” shall mean a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the
Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

“Beneficial Ownership Regulation” shall mean 31 C.F.R. § 1010.230.

“Benefit Plan” shall mean any of (a) an “employee benefit plan” (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a
“plan” as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42)
or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such “employee benefit plan” or “plan.”

“BHC Act Affiliate” of a party shall mean an “affiliate” (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12
U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party.

“Board” shall mean the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States.

“Borrower” and “Borrowers” shall have the meaning provided in the first paragraph of this Agreement.

“Borrower Obligations” shall mean the Dutch Borrower Obligations and/or the UK Borrower Obligations and/or the U.S.
Borrower Obligations, as applicable.

“Borrowing” shall mean the borrowing by a Borrower of one Type of Revolving Loan from all the Lenders, or from the Swingline
Lender in the case of Swingline Loans, on a given date (or resulting from a conversion or conversions on such date) having in the case of
LIBOR Loans the same Interest Period, provided that Base Rate Loans incurred pursuant to Section 2.10(bc) shall be considered part of
the related Borrowing of LIBOR Loans.

“Borrowing Base” shall mean the Dutch Borrowing Base, the UK Borrowing Base, the U.S. Borrowing Base and/or the Total
Borrowing Base, as applicable.

11


-----


