Storage Subsidiary or Tesla Finance Subsidiary.

“Securitization Subsidiary” shall mean a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Company that is a special purpose vehicle that has
been established for the sole purpose of facilitating a financing under a Permitted Securitization Facility and that shall not engage in any
activities other than in connection with the Permitted Securitization Facility. For the avoidance of doubt, an Excluded Charging
Subsidiary, an Excluded Energy Storage Subsidiary and any Tesla Finance Subsidiary may be a Securitization Subsidiary.

“Security Agreement” shall mean and include each of the U.S. Security Agreement and, the Dutch Security Agreements and the
UK Security Agreement.

“Security Agreement Collateral” shall mean all “Collateral” as defined in any Security Agreement (or “Inventory” as defined in
the Dutch Inventory Security Agreement).

“Security Documents” shall mean and include each Security Agreement and, after the execution and delivery thereof, each
Additional Security Document, each Mortgage, each Incremental Security Document and any other related document, agreement or grant
pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries grants, perfects or continues a security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent
for the benefit of the Secured Creditors (including any Belgian law register pledge agreement in relation to a Perfected Belgian Lien, any
supplements, joinders or similar agreements to the U.S. Security Agreement and any of the Dutch Security Agreements or UK Security
Agreement to add an additional Credit Party as a grantor or pledgor thereunder, and any agreement similar to a Dutch Security
Agreement entered into by a Dutch Credit Party pursuant to which such Dutch Credit Party grants, perfects or continues a security
interest in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors or which is similar to a UK Security Agreement entered
into by a UK Credit Party pursuant to which such UK Credit Party grants, perfects or continues a security interest in favor of the Collateral
Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors); provided that any cash collateral or other agreements entered into pursuant to the Letter
of Credit Back-Stop Arrangements shall constitute “Security Documents” solely for purposes of (x) Sections 8.03 and 10.01(d) and (y) the
term “Credit Documents” as used in Sections 9.12(d), 10.04(a) and 13.01.

“Sixth Amendment” shall mean that certain Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement and First Amendment to the Security
Agreements, dated as of June 19, 2017, among the Borrowers, the other Credit Parties parties thereto, the Lenders party thereto and the
Administrative Agent.

“Sixth Amendment Effective Date” shall mean the date on which the conditions precedent to effectiveness of the Sixth
Amendment are satisfied, which date is June 19, 2017.

“SOFR” shall mean, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such
Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at approximately 8:00 a.m. (New York City time)
on the immediately succeeding Business Day.

“SOFR Administrator” shall mean the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).

66


-----


