“Material Review Board Inventory” shall mean Inventory of any Borrower that has not passed inspection by the Company’s
material review board or that such board has determined requires reworking, needs to be scrapped or is otherwise unfit.

“Material Subsidiary” shall mean, as of any date of determination, any Subsidiary of the Company (a) whose consolidated total
assets (as set forth in the most recent consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries delivered to the
Lenders pursuant to this Agreement and computed in accordance with GAAP, but excluding intercompany assets) constitute 5.0% or more
of the Consolidated Total Assets and (b) whose consolidated total revenues (as set forth in the most recent income statement of the
Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries delivered to the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement and computed in accordance with GAAP,
but excluding intercompany revenues) constitute 5.0% or more of the consolidated total revenues of the Company and its Consolidated
Subsidiaries (as set forth in the most recent income statement of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries delivered to the Lenders
pursuant to this Agreement and computed in accordance with GAAP).

“Maximum Letter of Credit Amount” shall have the meaning provided in Section 3.02(a).

“Maximum Rate” shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.2213.23.

“Maximum Swingline Amount” shall mean $50,000,000.

“Merchandise” shall mean apparel, personal accessories and other promotional merchandise items outside of the core business
of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

“Minimum Borrowing Amount” shall mean (i) for Base Rate Loans (other than Swingline Loans), $500,000, (ii) for LIBOR Loans
denominated in U.S. Dollars, $1,000,000, (iii) for LIBOR Loans denominated in Euros or any Acceptable Foreign Currency, the smallest
amount of such currency that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 units of currency and has a U.S. Dollar Equivalent in excess of
$1,000,000, and (iv) for Swingline Loans, $100,000; provided that during a Dominion Period there shall be no Minimum Borrowing
Amount with respect to clause (iv) above.

“Moody’s” shall mean Moody’s Investors Service, Inc.

“Mortgage” shall mean any deed of trust, mortgage, deed to secure debt, or other document entered into by the owner of a
Mortgaged Property in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors creating a Lien on such Mortgaged Property
in such form as reasonably agreed between the BorrowerCompany and the Collateral Agent.

“Mortgaged Property” shall mean any Real Property owned or leased by any Credit Party which is encumbered (or required to
be encumbered) pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any Security Document.

“Multiemployer Plan” shall mean a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, which is contributed to (or to
which there is or may be an obligation to contribute to) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or an ERISA Affiliate, and each such
plan for the five-year period

52


-----


