Non-Defaulting Lender a commitment commission (the “Commitment Commission”) for the period from and including the Effective Date to
but excluding the Final Maturity Date (or such earlier date on which the Total Revolving Loan Commitment has been terminated)
computed at a rate per annum equal to the Commitment Commission Percentage of the Unutilized Revolving Loan Commitment of such
Non-Defaulting Lender as in effect from time to time. Accrued Commitment Commission shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on
each Quarterly Payment Date and on the date upon which the Total Revolving Loan Commitment is terminated.

(b) (i) Each U.S. Borrower, in the case of the Letters of Credit issued for the account of a U.S. Borrower, hereby jointly
and severally agrees, and (ii) each Dutch Borrower, in the case of the Letters of Credit issued for the account of a Dutch Borrower, hereby
jointly and severally agrees, and (iii) each UK Borrower, in the case of Letters of Credit issued for the account of a UK Borrower, hereby
jointly and severally agrees, in each case, to pay to the Administrative Agent for distribution to each Lender (based on each such Lender’s
respective RL Percentage) a fee in respect of each Letter of Credit issued for the account of such U.S. Borrower or, such Dutch Borrower
or such UK Borrower, as applicable (the “Letter of Credit Fee”), for the period from and including the date of issuance of such Letter of
Credit to and including the date of termination or expiration of such Letter of Credit, computed at a rate per annum equal to the
Applicable Margin as in effect from time to time during such period with respect to Revolving Loans that are maintained as LIBOR Loans
(whether or not any such Revolving Loans are outstanding at such time) on the daily Stated Amount of each such Letter of
Credit. Accrued Letter of Credit Fees shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on each Quarterly Payment Date and on the first day
on or after the termination of the Total Revolving Loan Commitment upon which no Letters of Credit remain outstanding.

(c) (i) Each U.S. Borrower, in the case of the Letters of Credit issued for the account of a U.S. Borrower, hereby jointly
and severally agrees, and (ii) each Dutch Borrower, in the case of the Letters of Credit issued for the account of a Dutch Borrower, hereby
jointly and severally agrees, and (iii) each UK Borrower, in the case of Letters of Credit issued for the account of a UK Borrower, hereby
jointly and severally agrees, in each case, to pay to each Issuing Lender, for its own account, a facing fee in respect of each Letter of
Credit issued by such Issuing Lender for the account of the applicable Borrower (the “Facing Fee”) for the period from and including the
date of issuance of such Letter of Credit to and including the date of termination or expiration of such Letter of Credit, computed at a rate
per annum equal to 1/8 of 1% on the daily Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit (but in no event less than $500 per annum for each
Letter of Credit). Accrued Facing Fees shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on each Quarterly Payment Date and upon the first
day on or after the termination of the Total Revolving Loan Commitment, upon which no Letters of Credit remain outstanding.

(d) (i) Each U.S. Borrower, in the case of the Letters of Credit issued for the account of a U.S. Borrower, hereby jointly
and severally agrees, and (ii) each Dutch Borrower, in the case of the Letters of Credit issued for the account of a Dutch Borrower, hereby
jointly and severally agrees, and (iii) each UK Borrower, in the case of Letters of Credit issued for the account of a UK Borrower, hereby
jointly and severally agrees, in each case, to pay to each Issuing Lender, for its own account, upon each payment under, issuance of, or
amendment to, any Letter of Credit issued by it for the account of such U.S. Borrower or, such Dutch Borrower or such UK Borrower, as
applicable, such amount as shall at the time of such event be the administrative charge and the reasonable expenses which such Issuing
Lender is generally imposing in connection with such occurrence with respect to letters of credit.

112


-----


