with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

**Critical Audit Matters**

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated
financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in
any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing
separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Automotive Sales To Customers With a Resale Value Guarantee or Buyback Option

As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the sales return reserve related to resale value guarantees or buyback options was $703 million
as of December 31, 2020, of which $202 million was short-term. The Company offers some customers resale value guarantees or buyback options. Under these
programs, the Company receives full payment for the vehicle sales price at the time of delivery and the customer has the option of selling their vehicle back to
the Company during the guarantee period for a pre-determined resale value. In circumstances where management does not believe the customer has a
significant economic incentive to exercise the resale value guarantee or buyback option provided to them at contract inception, the Company recognizes
revenue when control transfers upon delivery to a customer as a sale with a right of return. In circumstances where management believes the customer has a
significant economic incentive to exercise the resale value guarantee or buyback option at contract inception, the Company recognizes the transaction as an
operating lease. Management’s determination of whether there is a significant economic incentive includes comparing a vehicle’s estimated market value at the
time the option is exercisable with the guaranteed resale value. Sales return reserves are estimated based on historical experience plus consideration for
expected future market values. On a quarterly basis, management assesses the estimated future market values of vehicles under these programs, taking into
account price adjustments on vehicle offerings and changes in market conditions subsequent to the initial sale to determine the need for changes to the
reserve.

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to automotive sales to customers with a resale value guarantee or
buyback option is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management in determining the sales return reserve when customers do not have a
significant economic incentive to exercise their option; this in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence related to the sales return reserve when customers do not have a significant economic incentive.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to automotive revenue recognition for sales to customers with a
resale value guarantee or buyback option as well as the related sales return reserve, including controls over management’s estimate of expected future market
values and historical experience. These procedures also included, among others, testing management’s process for determining whether customers have a
significant economic incentive to exercise their put rights under the resale value guarantee and buyback option programs and, if not, the related sales return
reserve. This included evaluating the appropriateness of the model applied and the reasonableness of significant assumptions related to historical experience
and the estimated expected future market values used in the comparison to guaranteed resale amounts. Evaluating assumptions related to historical experience
and estimated expected future market values involved evaluating whether the assumptions used were reasonable considering current and past performance
and consistency with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Procedures were performed to evaluate the reliability, completeness and relevance of
management’s data used in the development of the historical experience assumption.

Automotive Warranty Reserve

As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, total accrued warranty, which primarily relates to the automotive segment, was $1,468 million
as of December 31, 2020. The Company provides a manufacturer’s warranty on all new and used Tesla vehicles. As described in Note 2, a warranty reserve is
accrued for these products sold, which includes management’s best estimate of the projected costs to repair or replace items under warranty, including recalls
when identified. These estimates are based on actual claims incurred to date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims.

52


-----


