the delivery of a Note to evidence any of its Loans, each respective Borrower shall promptly execute and deliver to the respective Lender,
at such Borrower’s expense, the requested Note in the appropriate amount or amounts to evidence such Loans.

2.06. Conversions. Each Borrower shall have the option to convert, on any Business Day, all or a portion equal to at least
the Minimum Borrowing Amount of the outstanding principal amount of U.S. Dollar Denominated Revolving Loans made to it pursuant to
one or more Borrowings of one or more Types of U.S. Dollar Denominated Revolving Loans into a Borrowing of another Type of U.S. Dollar
Denominated Revolving Loan; provided that, (a) except as otherwise provided in Section 2.10(bc), LIBOR Loans may be converted into
Base Rate Loans only on the last day of an Interest Period applicable to the Revolving Loans being converted unless the Borrowers pay any
amounts due to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.11 as a result of such conversion and no such partial conversion of LIBOR Loans shall
reduce the outstanding principal amount of such LIBOR Loans made pursuant to a single Borrowing to less than the Minimum Borrowing
Amount applicable thereto, (b) Base Rate Loans may not be converted into LIBOR Loans if any Event of Default is in existence on the
proposed date of conversion and either the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders have elected, upon notice to the Borrowers, to
not permit such conversion in its or their sole discretion, and (c) no conversion pursuant to this Section 2.06 shall result in a greater
number of Borrowings of LIBOR Loans than is permitted under Section 2.02. Each such conversion shall be effected by the relevant
Borrower by giving the Administrative Agent at the Notice Office prior to 2:00 P.M. (New York City time) at least (i) in the case of
conversions of Base Rate Loans into LIBOR Loans, three Business Days’ (or, with respect to Loans denominated in Euros or an Acceptable
Foreign Currency, four Business Days’) prior written notice or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing and (ii) in the case of
conversions of LIBOR Loans into Base Rate Loans, one Business Day’s prior written notice or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in
writing (each, a “Notice of Conversion/Continuation”), in each case in the form of Exhibit A-2, appropriately completed to specify the U.S.
Dollar Denominated Revolving Loans to be so converted, the Borrowing or Borrowings pursuant to which such U.S. Dollar Denominated
Revolving Loans were incurred and, if to be converted into LIBOR Loans, the Interest Period to be initially applicable thereto. The
Administrative Agent shall give each Lender prompt notice of any such proposed conversion affecting any of its U.S. Dollar Denominated
Revolving Loans.

2.07. Pro Rata Borrowings. Except to the extent otherwise provided herein, all Borrowings of Revolving Loans under this
Agreement shall be incurred from the Lenders pro rata on the basis of their Revolving Loan Commitments in effect on the date of such
Borrowing, provided that all Mandatory Borrowings shall be incurred from the Lenders pro rata on the basis of their RL Percentages. It is
understood that no Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other Lender of its obligation to make Loans hereunder and that
each Lender shall be obligated to make the Loans provided to be made by it hereunder, regardless of the failure of any other Lender to
make its Loans hereunder.

2.08. Interest. (a) The U.S. Borrowers jointly and severally agree to pay interest in respect of the unpaid principal
amount of each U.S. Borrower Loan and (y) the Dutch Borrowers jointly and severally agree to pay interest in respect of the unpaid
principal amount of each Dutch Borrower Loan and (z) the UK Borrowers jointly and severally agree to pay interest in respect of the
unpaid principal amount of each UK Borrower Loan, in each case as follows:

(A) in the case of a Base Rate Loan, from the date of Borrowing thereof until the earlier of (i) the maturity
thereof (whether by acceleration or otherwise), repayment or

86


-----


