Section 2.10, including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be
similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the LIBO Rate or have the same volume or liquidity as did the London
interbank offered rate or any other applicable rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability.

SECTION 2. Amount and Terms of Credit.

2.01. The Commitments. (a) Subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees
to make, at any time and from time to time on or after the Effective Date and prior to the Final Maturity Date, (x) a revolving loan or
revolving loans to any U.S. Borrower (on a joint and several basis with the other U.S. Borrowers) (each, a “U.S. Borrower Revolving Loan”
and, collectively, the “U.S. Borrower Revolving Loans”), and (y) a revolving loan or revolving loans to any Dutch Borrower (on a joint and
several basis with the other Dutch Borrowers) (each, a “Dutch Borrower Revolving Loan” and, collectively, the “Dutch Borrower Revolving
Loans”) and (z) a revolving loan or revolving loans to any UK Borrower (on a joint and several basis with the other UK Borrowers) (each, a
“UK Borrower Revolving Loan” and, collectively, the “UK Borrower Revolving Loans and, together with the U.S. Borrower Revolving Loans
and the Dutch Borrower Revolving Loans, each, a “Revolving Loan” and, collectively, the “Revolving Loans”), which Revolving Loans:

(i) shall be made and maintained in an Available Currency;

(ii) except as hereafter provided, shall, at the option of the applicable Borrower, be incurred and maintained as,
and/or converted into, Base Rate Loans (in the case of U.S. Dollar Denominated Revolving Loans only) or LIBOR Loans;
provided that, except as otherwise specifically provided in Section 2.10(bc), all Revolving Loans comprising the same Borrowing
shall at all times be of the same Type;

(iii) may be repaid and reborrowed in accordance with the provisions hereof;

(iv) shall not be made (and shall not be required to be made) by any Lender in any instance where the
incurrence thereof (after giving effect to the use of the proceeds thereof on the date of the incurrence thereof to repay any
amounts theretofore outstanding pursuant to this Agreement) would cause the Individual Exposure of such Lender to exceed
the amount of its Revolving Loan Commitment at such time;

(v) shall not be made (and shall not be required to be made) by any Lender in any instance where the
incurrence thereof (after giving effect to the use of the proceeds thereof on the date of the incurrence thereof to repay any
amounts theretofore outstanding pursuant to this Agreement) would cause the Aggregate Exposure to exceed the Total
Revolving Loan Commitment as then in effect;

(vi) except as otherwise provided in Section 2.01(e), in the case of U.S. Borrower Revolving Loans, shall not be
made (and shall not be required to be made) by any Lender in any instance where the incurrence thereof (after giving effect to
the use of the proceeds thereof on the date of incurrence thereof to repay any amounts theretofore outstanding pursuant to this
Agreement) would cause the Aggregate U.S. Borrower Exposure to exceed the U.S. Borrowing Base at such time;

79


-----


