5.02. Mandatory Repayments; Cash Collateralization. (a) (i) On any day on which any one or more of the following
conditions shall exist, the applicable Borrowers shall repay the applicable Loans and/or cash collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit (in
U.S. Dollars or, to the extent any Letter of Credit is denominated in Euros or an Acceptable Foreign Currency, such currency) pursuant to
clause (iii) below in such amount as may be required to cause such conditions to cease to exist on such day:

(u) the Aggregate U.S. Borrower Exposure at such time exceeds 100% (or, during an Agent Advance
Period, 105%) of the U.S. Borrowing Base at such time;

(v) the Aggregate Dutch Borrower Exposure at such time exceeds 100% (or, during an Agent
Advance Period, 105%) of the Dutch Borrowing Base at such time;

(w) the Aggregate UK Borrower Exposure at such time exceeds 100% (or, during an Agent Advance
Period, 105%) of the UK Borrowing Base at such time;

(wx) the Aggregate Exposure at such time exceeds the Total Revolving Loan Commitment at such
time;

(x) during a Reduced Availability Period, Excess Availability is less than 10% of the Availability at such time;

(y) the aggregate Swingline Loan Exposure at such time exceeds the Maximum Swingline Amount;
and/or

(z) the aggregate Letter of Credit Outstandings (for this purpose, using the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of
amounts denominated in Euros or any Acceptable Foreign Currency) at such time exceeds the Maximum Letter of
Credit Amount.

(ii) In connection with any repayment and/or cash collateralization required pursuant to Section
5.02(a)(i) on any day, the Borrowers shall first prepay the Loans in the following order:

(A) in the case of a repayment and/or cash collateralization required pursuant to Section
5.02(a)(i)(u) on any day, the U.S. Borrowers shall repay on such day the principal of outstanding U.S.
Borrower Swingline Loans and, after all U.S. Borrower Swingline Loans have been repaid in full or if no
U.S. Borrower Swingline Loans are outstanding, U.S. Borrower Revolving Loans, in each case in such
amount as may be required to cause the conditions giving rise to such mandatory repayment requirement
to cease to exist on such day,

(B) in the case of a repayment and/or cash collateralization required pursuant to Section
5.02(a)(i)(v) on any day, the Dutch Borrowers shall repay on such day the principal of outstanding Dutch
Borrower Swingline Loans and, after all Dutch Borrower Swingline Loans have been repaid in full or if no
Dutch Borrower Swingline Loans are outstanding, Dutch Borrower Revolving Loans, in each case in such
amount as may be required to cause the conditions giving rise to such mandatory repayment requirement
to cease to exist on such day,

115


-----


