“Dutch Subsidiary” of any Person shall mean any Subsidiary of such Person incorporated, organized, or established in the
Netherlands or any province or territory thereof.

“Dutch Subsidiary Guarantor” shall mean each Wholly-Owned Dutch Subsidiary of Tesla B.V. (other than any Dutch Borrower,
any Securitization Subsidiary, any Excluded Energy Storage Subsidiary, any Excluded Charging Subsidiary, any Tesla Finance Subsidiary
and any Immaterial Subsidiary), whether existing on the Effective Date or established, created or acquired after the Effective Date, in
each case unless and until such time as the respective Wholly-Owned Dutch Subsidiary is released from all of its obligations under the
Security Documents to which it is a party in accordance with the terms and provisions thereof.

“Early Opt-in Election” shall mean:

(a) in the case of Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, the occurrence of:

(i) a notification by the Administrative Agent to (or the request by the U.S. Borrower to the
Administrative Agent to notify) each of the other parties hereto that at least five currently outstanding U.S. Dollardenominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) a
SOFR-based rate (including SOFR, a term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate (and such
syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review), and

(ii) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the U.S. Borrower to trigger a fallback from
LIBO Rate and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Lenders; and

(b) in the case of Loans denominated in any Available Currency (other than U.S. Dollars), the occurrence of:

(i) (x) a determination by the Administrative Agent or (y) a notification by the Required Lenders to
the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the U.S. Borrower) that the Required Lenders have determined that
syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Available Currency being executed at such time, or that
include language similar to that contained in Section 2.10 are being executed or amended, as applicable, to
incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace the Relevant Rate, and

(ii) (x) the election by the Administrative Agent or (y) the election by the Required Lenders, in either
case, in consultation with the Company, to declare that an Early Opt-in Election has occurred and the provision, as
applicable, by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the U.S. Borrower and the Lenders or by
the Required Lenders of written notice of such election to the Administrative Agent.

“ECP” shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Excluded Swap Obligation.

“EEA Financial Institution” shall mean (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country
which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any

24


-----


