instructions of the Required Lenders.

12.05. Reliance. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any note,
writing, resolution, notice, statement, certificate, telex, teletype or telecopier message, cablegram, radiogram, order or other document or
telephone message signed, sent or made by any Person that the Administrative Agent believed to be the proper Person, and, with respect
to all legal matters pertaining to this Agreement and any other Credit Document and its duties hereunder and thereunder, upon advice of
counsel selected by the Administrative Agent.

12.06. Indemnification. To the extent the Administrative Agent (or any affiliate thereof) or any Issuing Lender (or any
affiliate thereof) is not reimbursed and indemnified by the Borrowers, the Lenders will reimburse and indemnify the Administrative Agent
(and any affiliate thereof) or Issuing Lender (or any affiliate thereof), as applicable, in proportion to their respective “percentage” as used
in determining the Required Lenders (determined as if there were no Defaulting Lenders) for and against any and all liabilities,
obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, actions, judgments, costs, expenses or disbursements of whatsoever kind or nature which
may be imposed on, asserted against or incurred by the Administrative Agent (or any affiliate thereof) or the applicable Issuing Lender (or
an affiliate thereof), as applicable, in performing its duties hereunder, under any other Credit Document or in respect of any Letter of
Credit or in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement, any other Credit Document or any Letter of Credit; provided that no
Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, actions, judgments, suits, costs,
expenses or disbursements resulting from the Administrative Agent’s (or such affiliates’) or the applicable Issuing Lender’s (or such
affiliates’), as applicable, gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and nonappealable decision).

12.07. The Administrative Agent in its Individual Capacity. With respect to its obligation to make Loans, or issue or
participate in Letters of Credit, under this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall have the rights and powers specified herein for a
“Lender” and may exercise the same rights and powers as though it were not performing the duties specified herein; and the term
“Lender,” “Required Lenders,” “Supermajority Lenders” or any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, include
the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to,
and generally engage in any kind of banking, investment banking, trust or other business with, or provide debt financing, equity capital or
other services (including financial advisory services) to any Credit Party or any Affiliate of any Credit Party (or any Person engaged in a
similar business with any Credit Party or any Affiliate thereof) as if they were not performing the duties specified herein, and may accept
fees and other consideration from any Credit Party or any Affiliate of any Credit Party for services in connection with this Agreement and
otherwise without having to account for the same to the Lenders.

12.08. Holders. The Administrative Agent may deem and treat the payee of any Note as the owner thereof for all purposes
hereof unless and until a written notice of the assignment, transfer or endorsement thereof, as the case may be, shall have been filed with
the Administrative Agent. Any request, authority or consent of any Person who, at the time of making such request or giving such
authority or consent, is the holder of any Note shall be conclusive and binding on any subsequent holder, transferee, assignee or endorsee,
as the case may be, of such Note or of any Note or Notes issued in exchange therefor.

176


-----


