y g p y p

In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12, Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes, as part of its initiative to reduce complexity in
accounting standards. The amendments in the ASU include removing exceptions to incremental intraperiod tax allocation of losses and gains from different
financial statement components, exceptions to the method of recognizing income taxes on interim period losses, and exceptions to deferred tax liability
recognition related to foreign subsidiary investments. In addition, the ASU requires that entities recognize franchise tax based on an incremental method and
requires an entity to evaluate the accounting for step-ups in the tax basis of goodwill as inside or outside of a business combination. The amendments in the
ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods therein. Early adoption of the standard is permitted, including
adoption in interim or annual periods for which financial statements have not yet been issued. We have not early adopted this ASU as of December 31, 2020.
The ASU is currently not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-04, Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting (Topic 848). The ASU
provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to transactions affected by reference rate (e.g., LIBOR) reform if certain criteria are met, for a
limited period of time to ease the potential burden in accounting for (or recognizing the effects of) reference rate reform on financial reporting. The ASU is
effective as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. We will evaluate transactions or contract modifications occurring as a result of reference rate
reform and determine whether to apply the optional guidance on an ongoing basis. The ASU is currently not expected to have a material impact on our
consolidated financial statements.

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity’s Own Equity. The ASU simplifies the
accounting for convertible instruments by removing certain separation models in ASC 470- 20, Debt—Debt with Conversion and Other Options, for convertible
instruments. The ASU updates the guidance on certain embedded conversion features that are not required to be accounted for as derivatives under Topic 815,
Derivatives and Hedging, or that do not result in substantial premiums accounted for as paid-in capital, such that those features are no longer required to be
separated from the host contract. The convertible debt instruments will be accounted for as a single liability measured at amortized cost. This will also result in
the interest expense recognized for convertible debt instruments to be typically closer to the coupon interest rate when applying the guidance in Topic 835,
Interest. Further, the ASU made amendments to the EPS guidance in Topic 260 for convertible instruments, the most significant impact of which is requiring
the use of the if-converted method for diluted EPS calculation, and no longer allowing the net share settlement method. The ASU also made revisions to Topic
815-40, which provides guidance on how an entity must determine whether a contract qualifies for a scope exception from derivative accounting. The
amendments to Topic 815-40 change the scope of contracts that are recognized as assets or liabilities. The ASU is effective for interim and annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2021, with early adoption permitted for periods beginning after December 15, 2020. Adoption of the ASU can either be on a
modified retrospective or full retrospective basis.

We will adopt the ASU on January 1, 2021 on a modified retrospective basis. The adoption is expected to reduce additional paid in capital and
convertible senior notes (mezzanine equity) by approximately $475 million and $50 million, respectively for the recombination of the equity conversion
component of our convertible debt remaining outstanding, which was initially separated and recorded in equity, remove the remaining debt discounts recorded
for this previous separation for approximately $269 million and reduce property, plant and equipment for previously capitalized interest by approximately $45
million, as a result. The net effect of these adjustments will be recorded as a reduction in the balance of our opening accumulated deficit as of January 1, 2021.

We currently expect the adoption of the ASU will result in the reduction of non-cash interest expense for the year ending December 31, 2021 and until
the affected notes have been settled, before the impact of reduction of our interest capitalization, which is not expected to be material. The reduction of
depreciation expense through cost of goods sold is not expected to be material for the year ending December 31, 2021. These reduced expenses will increase
the income attributable to common stockholders for both basic and diluted earnings per share. The required use of the if converted method is not expected to
have a significant impact on the calculation of common share equivalents included in the measure of our diluted earnings per share for our 2021 Notes, 2022
Notes, 2024 Notes and our subsidiary’s 5.50% Convertible Senior Notes due in 2022. The amendments to the derivative accounting guidance are not expected
to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. The adoption will have no impact on the consolidated statement of cash flows.

74


-----


