skill and knowledge.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management’s estimate of the automotive warranty reserve,
including controls over management’s estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims as well as the completeness and accuracy of actual claims
incurred to date. These procedures also included, among others, testing management’s process for determining the automotive warranty reserve. This included
evaluating the appropriateness of the model applied and the reasonableness of significant assumptions related to the nature and frequency of future claims and
the related costs to repair or replace items under warranty. Evaluating the assumptions related to the nature and frequency of future claims and the related
costs to repair or replace items under warranty involved evaluating whether the assumptions used were reasonable considering current and past performance,
including a lookback analysis comparing prior period forecasted claims to actual claims incurred. These procedures also included developing an independent
estimate of a portion of the warranty accrual, comparing the independent estimate to management’s estimate to evaluate the reasonableness of the estimate,
and testing the completeness and accuracy of historical vehicle claims. Procedures were performed to test the reliability, completeness, and relevance of
management’s data related to the historical claims processed and that such claims were appropriately used by management in the estimation of future claims.
Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of aspects of management’s model for estimating the
nature and frequency of future claims, and testing management’s warranty reserve for a portion of future warranty claims.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

San Jose, California
February 8, 2021

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2005.

53


-----


