“Eligible U.S. Accounts” shall mean the Eligible Accounts owned by any U.S. Borrower.

“Eligible U.S. Cash and Cash Equivalents” shall mean the Eligible Cash and Cash Equivalents owned by any U.S. Borrower that
is reflected in the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.01(h).

“Eligible U.S. Finished Goods Inventory” shall mean the Eligible Finished Goods Inventory owned by any U.S. Borrower.

“Eligible U.S. In-Transit Inventory” shall mean the Eligible In-Transit Inventory owned by any U.S. Borrower.

“Eligible U.S. Inventory” shall mean all Eligible U.S. Finished Goods Inventory, Eligible U.S. In-Transit Inventory, Eligible U.S.
Raw Materials Inventory and Eligible U.S. WIP Inventory.

“Eligible U.S. Raw Materials Inventory” shall mean the Eligible Raw Materials Inventory owned by any U.S. Borrower.

“Eligible U.S. Service Parts Inventory” shall mean the Eligible Service Parts Inventory owned by any U.S. Borrower.

“Eligible U.S. Vendor In-Transit Inventory” shall mean the Eligible Vendor In-Transit Inventory owned by any U.S. Borrower.

“Eligible U.S. WIP Inventory” shall mean the Eligible WIP Inventory owned by any U.S. Borrower.

“Eligible Vendor In-Transit Inventory” shall mean all Eligible Raw Materials Inventory:

(a) for which the purchase order is in the name of the applicable Borrower and title has passed to such
Borrower,

(b) which have been shipped by FOB shipment (seller’s location),

(c) for which the applicable Borrower does not have actual possession,

(d) which is fully insured in such amounts, with insurance companies and subject to such deductibles as are
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion,

(e) which is in-transit to any Company Factory and

(f) which otherwise would constitute Eligible Inventory.

“Eligible WIP Inventory” shall mean all Eligible Inventory consisting of work-in-process (as determined in a manner acceptable
to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion and consistent

37


-----


