Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall have the right to correct any such errors in such manner as it shall determine in its Permitted
Discretion and the Administrative Agent will notify the Company promptly after making any such correction.

“UK Collection Banks” shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.03(d).

“UK Credit Parties” shall mean each UK Borrower and each UK Subsidiary Guarantor.

“UK Guarantors” shall mean and include each UK Borrower (in its capacity as a guarantor under the UK Guaranty) and each UK
Subsidiary Guarantor.

“UK Guaranty” shall mean the UK Guaranty, dated as of December 23, 2020, in the form of Exhibit P, as amended, modified,
restated and/or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.

“UK Insolvency Law”shall mean the Insolvency Act 1986 and the Corporate Insolvency and Governance Act 2020, in each case,
as now or hereafter in effect, or any successor thereto.

“UK Priority Payables” shall mean, at any time, with respect to any Credit Party which has employees in England and Wales or
otherwise carries on business in England and Wales or which leases, sells or otherwise owns goods in England and Wales, the aggregate
amount of any liabilities of such Credit Party which are secured by a security interest, pledge, lien, charge, right or claim on any Collateral
or the holder of which enjoys a right, in each case, pursuant to any applicable law, rule or regulation and which trust, security interest,
pledge, lien, charge, right or claim ranks or is capable of ranking in priority to or pari passu with one or more of the Liens granted in the
Security Documents.

“UK Priority Payables Reserve” shall mean, on any date of determination for the UK Borrowing Base, a reserve established from
time to time by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion in such amount as the Administrative Agent may reasonably determine
in respect of UK Priority Payables of the UK Credit Parties.

“UK Retention of Title Reserve” shall mean, on any date of determination for the UK Borrowing Base, a reserve established
from time to time by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion for amounts of any claims preferred by law which rank or are
capable of ranking senior to the Obligations.

“UK Security Agreement” shall mean the security agreement, dated as of December 23, 2020, in the form of Exhibit Q, as
amended, modified, restated and/or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.

“UK Subsidiary” of any Person shall mean any Subsidiary of such Person incorporated, organized, or established in England and
Wales.

“UK Subsidiary Guarantors” shall mean each Wholly-Owned UK Subsidiary of Tesla UK (other than any UK Borrower, any
Securitization Subsidiary, any Excluded Energy Storage Subsidiary, any Excluded Charging Subsidiary, any Tesla Finance Subsidiary and
any Immaterial Subsidiary), whether existing on the Effective Date or established, created or acquired after the Effective Date, in each
case unless and until such time as the respective Wholly-Owned UK Subsidiary is released from all of its

72


-----


