and (b) otherwise, the Amortized Value of such Eligible Machinery and Equipment.

“Appraised Fair Market Value” shall mean, at any time, with respect to any Eligible Real Property, the fair market value of such
Real Property, as determined pursuant to the most recent Real Property Appraisal of such Eligible Real Property.

“Arranger” shall mean each of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Bank of America, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, Citibank, N.A.,
Goldman Sachs Bank USA and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding Inc.

“Asset Sale” shall mean any sale, transfer or other disposition by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any Person
(including by way of redemption by such Person and whether effected pursuant to a Division or otherwise) other than to a Credit Party of
any asset (including any capital stock or other securities of, or Equity Interests in, another Person).

“Assignment and Assumption Agreement” shall mean an Assignment and Assumption Agreement substantially in the form of
Exhibit L (appropriately completed) or such other form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Company.

“Attributes Buyer” shall mean that Person separately identified in writing by the Company to the Administrative Agent.

“Authorized Officer” shall mean, with respect to (i) delivering Notices of Borrowing, Notices of Conversion/Continuation and
similar notices, any person or persons that has or have been authorized by the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of the
applicable Borrower to deliver such notices pursuant to this Agreement and that has or have appropriate signature cards or certificates of
incumbency on file with the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the respective Issuing Lender, (ii) delivering financial
information and officer’s certificates pursuant to this Agreement, the chief financial officer; the vice president, finance; the treasurer or
the principal accounting officer of the Company, and (iii) any other matter in connection with this Agreement or any other Credit
Document, any officer (or a person or persons so designated by any two officers) of the applicable Credit Party.

“Available” shall mean, with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents, that either (i) such cash and Cash Equivalents are owned by
the Company or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries or (ii) such cash and Cash Equivalents are owned by a Foreign Subsidiary and are able to
be repatriated to the Company or one or more of its Domestic Subsidiaries; provided that with respect to this clause (ii), such cash and
Cash Equivalents shall be calculated net of any costs (including taxes) that would be incurred in respect of such repatriation (as
reasonably determined by the Company).

“Available Currency” shall mean U.S. Dollars, Euros and any Acceptable Foreign Currency.

“Available Currency Equivalent” shall mean, for any amount of any Available Currency (other than U.S. Dollars), at the time of
determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in such Available Currency, such amount and (b) if such amount is expressed in U.S.
Dollars, the equivalent of such amount in such Available Currency determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of such
Available Currency with U.S. Dollars last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent) by the
applicable Reuters source on the Business Day (New York City time) immediately preceding the date of determination or if such service
ceases to be available or ceases to provide a rate of exchange

6


-----


