territory-wide Sanctions (as of the Effective Date, the Crimea region of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria).

“Sanctioned Person” shall mean (a) any Person that is the target or subject of Sanctions or listed in any Sanctions-related list of
designated Persons maintained by the U.S. government (including the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the
Treasury or the U.S. Department of State) or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any European Union member
state, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person
or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b).

“Sanctions” shall mean economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to
time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the
Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member
state, Her Majesty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant Governmental Authority.

“Screen Rate” shall mean the LIBOR Screen Rate and/or the EURO Screen Rate, as applicable.

“SEC” shall mean the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto.

“Second Amendment” means that certain Second Amendment, dated as of December 31, 2015, among the Company,
Tesla B.V., the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto.

“Second Priority” shall mean, with respect to any Lien purported to be created on any Collateral pursuant to the Security
Documents, that such Lien is prior in right to any other Lien thereon, other than (x) Liens permitted pursuant to Section 10.01(s) and (y)
First Priority Priming Liens; provided that in no event shall any such First Priority Priming Liens be permitted (on a consensual basis) to
be junior and subordinate to any Permitted Liens as described in clause (x) above and senior in priority to the relevant Liens created
pursuant to the Security Documents.

“Secured Creditors” shall have the meaning provided in the respective Security Documents.

“Secured Hedging Agreement” shall mean each Interest Rate Protection Agreement and/or Other Hedging Agreements entered
into with a Lender Counterparty, provided that (i) such Interest Rate Protection Agreement and/or Other Hedging Agreement expressly
states that it constitutes a “Secured Hedging Agreement” for purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents and (ii)
the Company and the other parties thereto shall have delivered to the Collateral Agent a written notice specifying that such Interest Rate
Protection Agreement and/or Other Hedging Agreement constitutes a “Secured Hedging Agreement” for purposes of the Credit
Agreement and the other Credit Documents; provided no such notice shall be required in respect of any Interest Rate Protection
Agreement or Other Hedging Agreement entered into with Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch or any of its Affiliates.

“Securities Act” shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

“Securitization Related Assets” shall mean, collectively, accounts receivable, payment intangibles, chattel paper, payments,
rights to future lease payments or residuals or similar rights to

65


-----


