“Notice of Conversion/Continuation” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.06.

“Notice Office” shall mean the office of the Administrative Agent located at 5022 Gate Parkway, Suite 100, Jacksonville, FL
32256 (or such other office or person as the Administrative Agent may hereafter designate in writing as such to the other parties hereto).

“NYFRB” shall mean the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

“Obligation Currency” shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.2013.21.

“Obligations” shall mean (x) the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes issued by, and the Loans made to, each
Borrower under this Agreement, and all reimbursement obligations and Unpaid Drawings with respect to Letters of Credit, and (y) all
other payment obligations (including obligations which, but for the automatic stay under Section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, would
become due), liabilities and indebtedness owing by each Borrower and each other Credit Party to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral
Agent, any Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender or any Lender under this Agreement and each other Credit Document to which any
Borrower or other Credit Party is a party (including all indemnities, expenses (including Expenses), Fees and interest thereon (including in
each case any interest, Fees or expenses (including Expenses) accruing after the commencement of any bankruptcy, insolvency,
receivership or similar proceeding at the rate provided for in this Agreement or in such other Credit Document, whether or not such
interest, Fees or expenses (including Expenses) are an allowed claim in any such proceeding)), whether now existing or hereafter incurred
under, arising out of or in connection with each such Credit Document, and all guarantees of the foregoing amounts. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Credit Document, in no event will Obligations include any obligations in respect
of any Issuer Option or, for any Guarantor, its Excluded Swap Obligations.

“Original Credit Agreement” shall mean this Agreement, as in effect immediately prior to the Amendment and Restatement
Effective Date.

“Original Lender” shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.04(e)(iv).

“Orphan SPV” shall mean a special purpose vehicle, which is not a Subsidiary of the Company, established for the sole purpose
of facilitating a financing under a limited recourse financing transaction and that shall not engage in any activities other than in
connection with such financing.

“Other Hedging Agreements” shall mean any foreign exchange contracts (including foreign exchange forward contracts and
foreign exchange option contracts), currency swap agreements, commodity agreements or other similar contracts or arrangements, or
arrangements designed to protect against fluctuations in currency values or commodity prices. For the avoidance of doubt, “Other
Hedging Agreements” shall not include any agreements, contracts or arrangements with respect to SRECs or the purchase, sale, transfer,
assignment or other disposition thereof.

“Other Taxes” shall mean all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing, excise or similar taxes
that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement, or registration of, from the receipt or
perfection of a security interest

54


-----


