To: [Insert name and address of counterparty]

Dated: [●]

Dear Sirs

**SECURITY AGREEMENT DATED [●] BETWEEN (1) [COLLATERAL AGENT] AND (2) [●] (THE “CHARGOR”)**

1. We give notice that, by a security agreement dated [●] (the “Security Agreement”), we have assigned to [the Collateral
Agent] (the “Collateral Agent”) as Collateral Agent for certain banks, financial institutions and others (as referred to in the
Security Agreement) all our present and future right, title and interest in and to [identify receivables or other Assigned Asset]
(together with any other agreement supplementing or amending the same, the “Agreement”) including all rights and
remedies in connection with the Agreement and all proceeds and claims arising from the Agreement.

2. We irrevocably authorise and instruct you following receipt by you of a notice from the Collateral Agent stating that an
“Event of Default” has occurred under the Security Agreement, to:

(a) disclose to the Collateral Agent at our expense (without any reference to or further authority from us and without
any enquiry by you as to the justification for such disclosure) such information relating to the Agreement as the
Collateral Agent may from time to time request;

(b) comply with any written notice or instructions in any way relating to (or purporting to relate to) the Security
Agreement, the sums payable to us from time to time under the Agreement or the debts represented by them which
you may receive from the Collateral Agent (without any reference to or further authority from us and without any
enquiry by you as to the justification for or validity of such notice or instruction);

(c) make all payments under or arising from the Agreement only in accordance with the written instructions of the
Collateral Agent; and

(d) send copies of all notices and other information given or received under the Agreement to the Collateral Agent.

3. This notice may only be revoked or amended with the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent and the Chargors.

4. Please confirm by completing and signing the enclosed copy of this notice and returning it to the Collateral Agent (with a
copy to us) that you agree to the above and that:

(a) you accept the instructions and authorisations contained in this notice and you undertake to comply with this
notice; and
(b) you have not, at the date this notice is returned to the Collateral Agent, received notice of the assignment or
charge, the grant of any security or the existence of any other interest of any third party in or to the Agreement or
any proceeds of them and you will notify the Collateral Agent promptly if you should do so in future.

5. This notice, and any acknowledgement in connection with it, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in
connection with any of them, shall be governed by English law.


-----


