(b) [Reserved].

(c) If at any time the improvements on any Mortgaged Property are located in an area identified as a special flood hazard
area by the Federal Emergency Management Agency or any successor thereto or other applicable agency, the Company will, and will
cause the applicable Credit Party to, at all times keep and maintain flood insurance in an amount reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent but in no event less than the amount sufficient to comply with the Flood Insurance Laws.

(d) If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to maintain insurance in accordance with this Section 9.03, or if the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to so endorse and deposit all certificates with respect thereto, the Administrative Agent shall
have the right (but shall be under no obligation) to procure such insurance and the Company and the other U.S. Borrowers jointly and
severally agree to reimburse the Administrative Agent for all out-of-pocket costs and expenses of procuring such insurance.

9.04. Existence; Franchises. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done, all
things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence and its rights, franchises, licenses, permits, copyrights,
trademarks and patents; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 9.04 shall prevent (i) sales of assets, Divisions and other
transactions by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries not prohibited by this Agreement, (ii) the withdrawal by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries of its qualification as a foreign Business in any jurisdiction if such withdrawal could not, either individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (iii) the termination or suspension of any existence, rights,
franchises, licenses, permits, copyrights, trademarks and patents if such termination or suspension, either individually or in the aggregate,
could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

9.05. Compliance with Laws, etc. (a) The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all
applicable statutes, regulations and orders of, and all applicable restrictions imposed by, all Governmental Authorities in respect of the
conduct of its business and the ownership of its property (including applicable statutes, regulations, orders and restrictions relating to
Environmental Laws), except such non-compliances as could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

(b) The Company will comply, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all Anti-Corruption Laws and all
Sanctions in all material respects and will not knowingly engage in any activity that would reasonably be expected to result in any party to
this Agreement being in violation of Sanctions or Anti-Corruption Laws.

9.06. Compliance with Environmental Laws. (a) The Company will comply, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to
comply, with all Environmental Laws and permits applicable to, or required in respect of the conduct of its business or operations or by,
the ownership, lease or use of its Real Property now or hereafter owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
except for such instances of noncompliance as could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect, and will promptly pay or cause to be paid all costs and expenses incurred in connection with such required compliance,
except to the extent such nonpayment could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect, and will

144


-----


