benefits are classified as income tax expense.

The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("TCJA") subjects a U.S. shareholder to tax on global intangible low-taxed income (“GILTI”) earned by certain foreign
subsidiaries. Under GAAP, we can make an accounting policy election to either treat taxes due on the GILTI inclusion as a current period expense or factor such
amounts into our measurement of deferred taxes. We elected the deferred method, under which we recorded the corresponding deferred tax assets and
liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets, currently subject to valuation allowance.

Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Comprehensive income (loss) is comprised of net income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) consists of
foreign currency translation adjustments that have been excluded from the determination of net income (loss).

Stock-Based Compensation

We recognize compensation expense for costs related to all share-based payments, including stock options, restricted stock units (“RSUs”) and our
employee stock purchase plan (the “ESPP”). The fair value of stock option awards with only service and/or performance conditions is estimated on the grant or
offering date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of RSUs is measured on the grant date based on the closing fair market value of our
common stock. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, net of actual forfeitures in the period.

For performance-based awards, stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the expected performance achievement period of individual
performance milestones when the achievement of each individual performance milestone becomes probable. For performance-based awards with a vesting
schedule based entirely on the attainment of both performance and market conditions, stock-based compensation expense associated with each tranche is
recognized over the longer of (i) the expected achievement period for the operational milestone for such tranche and (ii) the expected achievement period for
the related market capitalization milestone determined on the grant date, beginning at the point in time when the relevant operational milestone is considered
probable of being achieved. If such operational milestone becomes probable any time after the grant date, we will recognize a cumulative catch-up expense
from the grant date to that point in time. If the related market capitalization milestone is achieved earlier than its expected achievement period and the
achievement of the related operational milestone, then the stock-based compensation expense will be recognized over the expected achievement period for the
operational milestone, which may accelerate the rate at which such expense is recognized. The fair value of such awards is estimated on the grant date using
Monte Carlo simulations (see Note 14, Equity Incentive Plans).

As we accumulate additional employee stock-based awards data over time and as we incorporate market data related to our common stock, we may
calculate significantly different volatilities and expected lives, which could materially impact the valuation of our stock-based awards and the stock-based
compensation expense that we will recognize in future periods. Stock-based compensation expense is recorded in cost of revenues, research and development
expense and selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations.

67


-----


