requested by the Administrative Agent, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent; and

(ix) such other documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, in each case in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

The Administrative Agent shall have the right to establish, modify or eliminate Reserves against Eligible Real Property from
time to time in its Permitted Discretion; provided that with respect to facts or events known to the Administrative Agent prior to the Ninth
Amendment Effective Date, the Administrative Agent may impose new Reserves only to reflect a change in circumstances, events,
conditions, contingencies or risks in respect of such facts or events. The criteria for Eligible Real Property may only be revised or any new
criteria for Eligible Real Property may only be established by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion based on either (i) an
event, condition or other circumstance arising after the Ninth Amendment Effective Date, or (ii) an event, condition or other circumstance
existing on the Ninth Amendment Effective Date to the extent the Administrative Agent has no notice thereof from a Borrower prior to the
date hereof, in either cause under clause (i) or (ii) which adversely affects or could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Fair
Market Value of the Real Property as determined by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion.

“Eligible Real Property Deliverables” shall have the meaning provided in the definition of “Eligible Real Property”.

“Eligible Service Parts Inventory” shall mean all Eligible Inventory consisting of service parts (as determined in a manner
acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion and consistent with past practices).

“Eligible Transferee” shall mean and include a commercial bank, an insurance company, a finance company, a financial
institution, any fund that invests in loans or any other “accredited investor” (as defined in Regulation D of the Securities Act), but in any
event excluding the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates, any natural person and any person that at the time of determination is a
Defaulting Lender.

“Eligible UK Finished Goods Inventory” shall mean the Eligible Finished Goods Inventory owned by any UK Borrower.

“Eligible UK In-Transit Inventory” shall mean the Eligible In-Transit Inventory owned by any UK Borrower.

“Eligible UK Inventory” shall mean Eligible UK Finished Goods Inventory, Eligible UK In-Transit Inventory, Eligible UK Raw
Materials Inventory and Eligible UK WIP Inventory.

“Eligible UK Raw Materials Inventory” shall mean the Eligible Raw Materials Inventory owned by any UK Borrower.

“Eligible UK Service Parts Inventory” shall mean the Eligible Service Parts Inventory owned by any UK Borrower.

36


-----


