Person is required to perform thereunder) as determined by such Person in good faith and (y) the maximum amount for which the
guaranteeing person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such primary obligation.

“Controlled Securities Account” shall mean a securities account of a Credit Party subject to a Cash Management Control
Agreement.

“Convertible Notes Maturity Default” shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) any of the Company’s 2021
Convertible Notes shall be outstanding on January 1, 2021 and the sum of Unrestricted and Available cash and Cash Equivalents of the
Company and its Subsidiaries and Excess Availability as of such date is not in excess of the principal amount of 2021 Convertible Notes
then outstanding plus $400,000,000 or (ii) any of the Company’s 2022 Convertible Notes are outstanding on January 15, 2022 and the sum
of Unrestricted and Available cash and Cash Equivalents of the Company and its Subsidiaries and Excess Availability as of such date is not
in excess of the principal amount of 2022 Convertible Notes then outstanding plus $400,000,000.

“Core Deposit Accounts” shall mean, collectively, the Core U.S. Deposit Accounts and, the Core Dutch Deposit Accounts and the
Core UK Deposit Accounts.

“Core Dutch Deposit Account” shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.03(c).

“Core UK Deposit Account” shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.03(d).

“Core U.S. Deposit Account” shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.03(b).

“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to any Available Tenor shall mean, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an
interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor.

“Credit Account” shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.03(fh).

“Covered Entity” shall mean any of the following:

(i) a “covered entity” as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. § 252.82(b);

(ii) a “covered bank” as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. § 47.3(b); or

(iii) a “covered FSI” as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. § 382.2(b).

“Covered Party” shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.26.

“Credit Documents” shall mean this Agreement, each Guaranty, each Security Agreement and, after the execution and delivery
thereof pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, each Note, each

18


-----


