“NAIC” shall mean the National Association of Insurance Commissioners.

“Net Orderly Liquidation Value” shall mean (a) with respect to Inventory, the “net orderly liquidation value” expected to be
realized in respect of such Inventory at an orderly, negotiated sale held within a reasonable period of time, less the amount estimated for
marshalling, reconditioning, carrying, and sales expenses designated to maximize the resale value of such Inventory, with such net orderly
liquidation value determined from the most recent Acceptable Appraisal in respect of such Inventory and expressed as a percentage of the
net book value of such Inventory; provided that in calculating the Net Orderly Liquidation Value in respect of Eligible WIP Inventory,
Eligible Service Parts Inventory and Eligible Finished Goods Inventory, the Administrative Agent may elect for such percentage to be
determined on a blended, product-line or other basis as it determines in its Permitted Discretion and (b) with respect to Equipment, the
“net orderly liquidation value” expected to be realized in respect of such Equipment at an orderly, negotiated sale held within a
reasonable period of time, less the amount estimated for marshalling, reconditioning, carrying, and sales expenses designated to maximize
the resale value of such Equipment, as determined from the most recent Acceptable Appraisal in respect of such Equipment and expressed
as a percentage of the net book value of such Equipment.

“Net RVG Repurchase Amount” shall mean, for any period, an amount (not less than zero) equal to the excess of (a) cash paid
by the Company and its Subsidiaries during such period to settle guarantee obligations under resale value guarantee programs over (b)
cash received by the Company and its Subsidiaries during such period in respect of the resale of cars repurchased pursuant to resale
value guarantee programs.

“Net Share Settlement” shall mean any settlement upon conversion of Permitted Convertible Notes or any SolarCity Convertible
Notes consisting of Permitted Company Stock, cash or a combination of cash and Permitted Company Stock.

“New B.V.” means Tesla International B.V., a company organized under the laws of the Netherlands and that is (or will be when
formed) a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Tesla Motors Netherlands Coöperatief U.A.

“Ninth Amendment Effective Date” shall mean May 3, 2018.

“Non-Defaulting Lender” shall mean and include each Lender, other than a Defaulting Lender.

“Non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary” shall mean, as to any Person, each Subsidiary of such Person which is not a Wholly-Owned
Subsidiary of such Person.

“Note” shall mean each Dutch Borrower Revolving Note, each U.S. Borrower Revolving Note, each UK Borrower Revolving
Note, the Dutch Borrower Swingline Note and the U.S. Borrower Swingline Note.

“Note Hedge Option” shall mean any hedging agreement (including, but not limited to, any bond hedge transaction or capped
call transaction), entered into by the Company in connection with the issuance of Permitted Convertible Notes, pursuant to which the
Company acquires an option requiring the counterparty thereto to deliver to the Company shares of Permitted Company Stock, the cash
value of such shares or a combination thereof from time to time upon exercise of such option.

53


-----


