p p yp y p j y g p j y g
uncertainties in future global market conditions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic currently makes projections more challenging. We are simultaneously
ramping new products in the new Model S and Model X, Model Y and Solar Roof, constructing or ramping manufacturing facilities on three continents and
piloting the development and manufacture of new battery cell technologies, and the pace of our capital spend may vary depending on overall priority among
projects, the pace at which we meet milestones, production adjustments to and among our various products, increased capital efficiencies and the addition of
new projects. Owing and subject to the foregoing as well as the pipeline of announced projects under development and all other continuing infrastructure
growth, we currently expect our capital expenditures to be $4.50 to $6.00 billion in 2021 and each of the next two fiscal years.

Our business has recently been consistently generating cash flow from operations in excess of our level of capital spend, and with better working capital
management resulting in shorter days sales outstanding than days payable outstanding, our sales growth is also facilitating positive cash generation. On the
other hand, we are likely to see heightened levels of capital expenditures during certain periods depending on the specific pace of our capital-intensive projects.
Moreover, as our stock price has significantly increased recently, we have seen higher levels of early conversions of “in-the-money” convertible senior notes,
which obligates us to deliver cash and or shares pursuant to the terms of those notes. Overall, we expect our ability to be self-funding to continue as long as
macroeconomic factors support current trends in our sales. We also opportunistically strengthened our liquidity further through an at-the-market offering of
common stock in December 2020, with net proceeds to us of approximately $4.99 billion.

Operating Expense Trends

As long as we see expanding sales, and excluding the potential impact of non-cash stock compensation expense attributable to the 2018 CEO
Performance Award and impairment charges on certain assets as explained below, we generally expect operating expenses relative to revenues to decrease as
we additionally increase operational efficiency and process automation.

In March 2018, our stockholders approved a performance-based stock option award to our CEO (the “2018 CEO Performance Award”), consisting of 12
vesting tranches contingent on the achievement of specified market capitalization and operational milestones. We incur non-cash stock-based compensation
expense for each tranche only after the related operational milestone initially becomes probable of being met based on a subjective assessment of our future
financial performance, and if this happens following the grant date, we record at such time a cumulative catch-up expense that may be significant based on the
length of time elapsed from the grant date. Moreover, the remaining expense for that tranche is ratably recorded over the period remaining until the later of (i)
the expected achievement of the relevant operational milestone (if it has not yet been achieved) and (ii) the expected achievement of the related market
capitalization milestone (if it has not yet been achieved). Upon vesting of a tranche, all remaining associated expense is recognized immediately. Because the
expected market capitalization achievements are generally later than the related expected operational milestone achievements, the achievement of the former
earlier than expected may increase the magnitude of any catch-up expense and/or accelerate the rate at which the remaining expense is recognized. During
2020, several operational milestones became probable and several tranches vested, including as a result of our market capitalization increasing rapidly,
resulting in the recognition or acceleration of related expense earlier than anticipated and within a relatively short period of time. See Note 14, Equity Incentive
Plans—2018 CEO Performance Award, to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details
regarding the stock-based compensation relating to the 2018 CEO Performance Award. As our market capitalization is unpredictable and our financial
performance improves, it is possible that the earlier-than-planned recognition of such expenses will continue in the near term.

In January 2021, we updated our investment policy to provide us with more flexibility to further diversify and maximize returns on our cash that is not
required to maintain adequate operating liquidity. As part of the policy, we may invest a portion of such cash in certain specified alternative reserve assets.
Thereafter, we invested an aggregate $1.50 billion in bitcoin under this policy. Moreover, we expect to begin accepting bitcoin as a form of payment for our
products in the near future, subject to applicable laws and initially on a limited basis, which we may or may not liquidate upon receipt. Digital assets are
considered indefinite-lived intangible assets under applicable accounting rules. Accordingly, any decrease in their fair values below our carrying values for such
assets at any time subsequent to their acquisition will require us to recognize impairment charges, whereas we may make no upward revisions for any market
price increases until a sale. As we currently intend to hold these assets long-term, these charges may negatively impact our profitability in the periods in which
such impairments occur even if the overall market values of these assets increase.

33


-----


