this Agreement) would cause the Aggregate Dutch Borrower Exposure to exceed the Dutch Borrowing Base at such time; and

(viii) except as otherwise provided in Section 2.01(e), in the case of UK Borrower Revolving Loans, shall not be
made (and shall not be required to be made) by any Lender during a Reduced Availability Period in any instance where the
incurrence thereof (after giving effect to the use of the proceeds thereof on the date of incurrence thereof to repay any amounts
theretofore outstanding pursuant to this Agreement) would cause Excess Availability to be less than 10% of Availabilitythe
Aggregate UK Borrower Exposure to exceed the UK Borrowing Base at such time.

(b) Subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender agrees to make, at any time and
from time to time on or after the Effective Date and prior to the Swingline Expiry Date, (x) a revolving loan or revolving loans to any U.S.
Borrower (on a joint and several basis with the other U.S. Borrowers) (each, a “U.S. Borrower Swingline Loan” and, collectively, the “U.S.
Borrower Swingline Loans”) and (y) a revolving loan or revolving loans to any Dutch Borrower (on a joint and several basis with the other
Dutch Borrowers) (each, a “Dutch Borrower Swingline Loan” and, collectively, the “Dutch Borrower Swingline Loans” and, together with
the U.S. Borrower Swingline Loans, each, a “Swingline Loan” and, collectively, the “Swingline Loans”), which Swingline Loans:

(i) shall be made and maintained in U.S. Dollars;

(ii) shall be incurred and maintained as Base Rate Loans;

(iii) may be repaid and reborrowed in accordance with the provisions hereof;

(iv) shall not be made (and shall not be required to be made) by the Swingline Lender in any instance where the
incurrence thereof (after giving effect to the use of the proceeds thereof on the date of the incurrence thereof to repay any
amounts theretofore outstanding pursuant to this Agreement) would cause the Aggregate Exposure to exceed the Total
Revolving Loan Commitment as then in effect;

(v) in the case of U.S. Borrower Swingline Loans, shall not be made (and shall not be required to be made) by
the Swingline Lender in any instance where the incurrence thereof (after giving effect to the use of the proceeds thereof on the
date of incurrence thereof to repay any amounts theretofore outstanding pursuant to this Agreement) would cause the
Aggregate U.S. Borrower Exposure to exceed the U.S. Borrowing Base at such time;

(vi) in the case of Dutch Borrower Swingline Loans, shall not be made (and shall not be required to be made) by
the Swingline Lender in any instance where the incurrence thereof (after giving effect to the use of the proceeds thereof on the
date of incurrence thereof to repay any amounts theretofore outstanding pursuant to this Agreement) would cause the
Aggregate Dutch Borrower Exposure to exceed the Dutch Borrowing Base at such time; and

(vii) shall not exceed in aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding the Maximum Swingline Amount;
and.

80


-----


