Section 19 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009) the whole of any share of such interest that is attributable to it because
of Part 17 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009; or

(iii) a company not resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes which carries
on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account such interest in
computing the chargeable profits (within the meaning of Section 19 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009) of that
company; or

(c) a Treaty Lender.

“Quarterly Payment Date” shall mean the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December occurring after the
Effective Date.

“Quotation Day” shall mean, in respect of the determination of the LIBO Rate for any Interest Period for any LIBOR Loan that is
(i) a U.S. Dollar Denominated Revolving Loan or Foreign Currency Denominated Loan, the day on which quotations would ordinarily be
given by prime banks in the London interbank market for deposits in such currency for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period for
such Interest Period or (ii) a Euro Denominated Loan, the day on which quotations would ordinarily be given by prime banks in the
Brussels interbank market for deposits in Euros for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period for such Interest Period; provided, that
in either case if quotations would ordinarily be given on more than one date, the Quotation Day for such Interest Period shall be the last of
such dates. On the date hereof, the Quotation Day in respect of any Interest Period for Dollars or Euros is customarily the day which is two
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period.

“RCRA” shall have the meaning provided in Section 8.17(c).

“Ratio-Related Permitted Indebtedness” shall mean any Indebtedness incurred by the Company and its Subsidiaries (which
Indebtedness may be guaranteed pursuant to a SolarCity Guarantee) if immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of such
Indebtedness on the date of such incurrence the Company is in compliance, on a Pro Forma Basis, with a Total Leverage Ratio of less than
6.00:1.00 for the respective Calculation Period.

“Real Property” of any Person shall mean all the right, title and interest of such Person in and to land (including any
improvements and fixtures thereon), including Leaseholds.

“Real Property Appraisal” shall have the meaning provided in the definition of “Eligible Real Property”.

“Real Property Survey” shall have the meaning provided in the definition of “Eligible Real Property”.

“Recovery Event” shall mean any event that gives rise to the receipt by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any cash
insurance proceeds or condemnation awards payable (i) by reason of theft, loss, physical destruction, damage, taking or any other similar
event with respect to any property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) under any policy of insurance maintained by
any of them.

61


-----


