Dutch Raw Materials Inventory and Eligible Dutch WIP Inventory.

“Eligible Dutch Raw Materials Inventory” shall mean the Eligible Raw Materials Inventory owned by any Dutch Borrower.

“Eligible Dutch Service Parts Inventory” shall mean the Eligible Service Parts Inventory owned by any Dutch Borrower.

“Eligible Dutch Vendor In-Transit Inventory” shall mean the Eligible Vendor In-Transit Inventory owned by any Dutch Borrower.

“Eligible Dutch WIP Inventory” shall mean the Eligible WIP Inventory owned by any Dutch Borrower.

“Eligible Finished Goods Inventory” shall mean Eligible Inventory consisting of finished goods available for sale (as determined
in a manner acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion and consistent with past practices).

“Eligible In-Transit Inventory” shall mean all Eligible Inventory (other than Eligible Raw Materials Inventory):

(a) for which title remains with the applicable Borrower,

(b) which is fully insured in such amounts, with insurance companies and subject to such deductibles as are
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion,

(c) which is (i) with respect to Inventory owned by a U.S. Borrower, in-transit in the United States and, (ii) with
respect to Inventory owned by a Dutch Borrower, in-transit in the United States, in the Netherlands, in Belgium or from the
United States to the Netherlands or Belgium; provided that any Inventory in Belgium or in-transit to Belgium shall only be
Eligible Inventory if such Inventory is subject to a Perfected Belgian Lien and, and (iii) with respect to Inventory owned by a UK
Borrower, in-transit in the United States, in-transit in England and Wales or from the United States, the Netherlands or Belgium
to England and Wales; provided that (x) any Inventory in Belgium or in-transit to Belgium shall only be Eligible Inventory if such
Inventory is subject to a Perfected Belgian Lien, (y) any Inventory in the United States or in-transit from the United States shall
only be Eligible Inventory if such Inventory is subject to a Perfected U.S. Lien and (z) any Inventory in-transit from the
Netherlands shall only be Eligible Inventory if such Inventory is subject to a Perfected Dutch Lien, and

(d) which otherwise would constitute Eligible Inventory.

“Eligible Inventory” shall mean all of the Inventory owned by any of the Borrowers (and for which the applicable Borrower has
good title to such Inventory) that is reflected in the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant
to Section 9.01(h), except any Inventory as to which any of the exclusionary criteria set forth below applies. Eligible Inventory shall not
include any Inventory of a Borrower that:

29


-----


