Participants) of the principal amount of such reimbursement obligation and interest thereon accruing after the purchase of the respective
participations.

(e) Upon the request of any Participant, each Issuing Lender shall furnish to such Participant copies of any standby Letter
of Credit issued by it and such other documentation as may reasonably be requested by such Participant.

(f) The obligations of the Participants to make payments to each Issuing Lender with respect to Letters of Credit shall be
irrevocable and not subject to any qualification or exception whatsoever and shall be made in accordance with the terms and conditions of
this Agreement under all circumstances, including any of the following circumstances:

(i) any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents;

(ii) the existence of any claim, setoff, defense or other right which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may
have at any time against a beneficiary named in a Letter of Credit, any transferee of any Letter of Credit (or any Person for
whom any such transferee may be acting), the Administrative Agent, any Participant, or any other Person, whether in
connection with this Agreement, any Letter of Credit, the transactions contemplated herein or any unrelated transactions
(including any underlying transaction between the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company and the beneficiary named in
any such Letter of Credit);

(iii) any draft, certificate or any other document presented under any Letter of Credit proving to be forged,
fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect;

(iv) the surrender or impairment of any security for the performance or observance of any of the terms of any of
the Credit Documents; or

(v) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, or the failure of any of the other conditions specified in
Section 6 or 7 to be satisfied.

3.05. Agreement to Repay Letter of Credit Drawings. (a) (i) Each U.S. Borrower, in the case of a Letter of Credit issued
for the account of a U.S. Borrower, hereby jointly and severally agrees, and (ii) each Dutch Borrower, in the case of a Letter of Credit
issued for the account of a Dutch Borrower and (iii) each UK Borrower, in the case of a Letter of Credit issued for the account of a UK
Borrower, hereby jointly and severally agrees, in each case, to reimburse each Issuing Lender, by making payment to the Administrative
Agent, for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, in U.S. Dollars (or, in the case of any unreimbursed payment made in Euros or an
Acceptable Foreign Currency, such currency) in immediately available funds at the Payment Office, for any payment or disbursement
made by such Issuing Lender under any Letter of Credit issued by it for the account of any U.S. Borrower or, any Dutch Borrower or any
UK Borrower, as applicable (each such amount, so paid until reimbursed by such U.S. Borrower or, such Dutch Borrower or such UK
Borrower, as applicable, an “Unpaid Drawing”), not later than one Business Day following receipt by any U.S. Borrower or, any Dutch
Borrower or any UK Borrower, as the case may be, of notice of such payment or disbursement (provided that no such notice shall be
required to be given if a Default or an Event of Default under Section 11.05 shall have occurred

108

|Col1|, any Dutc|
|---|---|
|or||


-----


