“Swingline Note” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.05(a).

“Syndication Agent” shall mean JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding Inc.
and Bank of America, N.A., in each case in its capacity as a syndication agent for the Lenders hereunder and under the other Credit
Documents.

“TARGET Day” shall mean any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer
(TARGET) payment system (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system (if any) determined by the
Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euros.

“Tax Sharing Agreement” means a tax sharing agreement, entered into among New B.V., Tesla Motors Netherlands
Coöperatief U.A., Tesla B.V. and any other Dutch Affiliates of Tesla B.V. who may become members of a fiscal unity (fiscal eenheid) with
Tesla B.V. and the other Dutch Credit Parties from time to time party thereto.

“Tax Confirmation” shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.04(e)(v).

“Tax Sharing Agreement” means an agreement between the Dutch Credit Parties and other Dutch Affiliates of Tesla B.V. from
time to time member to a fiscal unity (fiscal eenheid) for Dutch corporate income tax purposes, whereby the parties to such agreement
agree that (a) the member who is head of the fiscal unity shall charge onto the other fiscal unity members their relative share in the
portion of the yearly corporate income tax charge, and (b) each fiscal unity member shall record its full corporate income tax charge in its
books, calculated as if it were a stand-along taxpayer separate from the fiscal unity, while pursuant to Dutch tax law, any corporate
income tax assessment for the fiscal unity is based on the combined taxable amount of the fiscal unity members and is issued to the head
of the fiscal unity only.

“Taxes” shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.04(a).

“Tenth Amendment” shall mean that certain Tenth Amendment, dated as of December 10, 2018, among the
Company, Tesla B.V., the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto.

“Tenth Amendment Effective Date” shall mean December 10, 2018.

“Term SOFR” shall mean, for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking
term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body.

“Term SOFR Notice” shall mean a notification by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders and the U.S. Borrower of the
occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event.

“Term SOFR Transition Event” shall mean the determination by the Administrative Agent that (a) Term SOFR has been
recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body, (b) the administration of Term SOFR is administratively feasible for the
Administrative Agent and (c) a Benchmark Transition Event has previously occurred resulting in a Benchmark Replacement in accordance
with Section 2.10 that is not Term SOFR.

69


-----


