In particular, we offer in our vehicles Autopilot and FSD features that today assist drivers with certain tedious and potentially dangerous aspects of road
travel, but which currently require drivers to remain fully engaged in the driving operation. We are continuing to develop our FSD technology with the goal of
achieving full self-driving capability in the future. There are a variety of international, federal and state regulations that may apply to self-driving vehicles,
which include many existing vehicle standards that were not originally intended to apply to vehicles that may not have a driver. Such regulations continue to
rapidly change, which increases the likelihood of a patchwork of complex or conflicting regulations, or may delay products or restrict self-driving features and
availability, which could adversely affect our business.

Finally, as a manufacturer, installer and service provider with respect to solar generation and energy storage systems and a supplier of electricity
generated and stored by the solar energy and energy storage systems we install for customers, we are impacted by federal, state and local regulations and
policies concerning electricity pricing, the interconnection of electricity generation and storage equipment with the electric grid and the sale of electricity
generated by third party-owned systems. If regulations and policies that adversely impact the interconnection or use of our solar and energy storage systems
are introduced, they could deter potential customers from purchasing our solar and energy storage products, threaten the economics of our existing contracts
and cause us to cease solar and energy storage system sales and operations in the relevant jurisdictions, which may harm our business, financial condition and
operating results.

**Any failure by us to comply with a variety of U.S. and international privacy and consumer protection laws may harm us.**

Any failure by us or our vendor or other business partners to comply with our public privacy notice or with federal, state or international privacy, data
protection or security laws or regulations relating to the processing, collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personally identifiable information could
result in regulatory or litigation-related actions against us, legal liability, fines, damages, ongoing audit requirements and other significant costs. Substantial
expenses and operational changes may be required in connection with maintaining compliance with such laws, and in particular certain emerging privacy laws
are still subject to a high degree of uncertainty as to their interpretation and application. For example, in May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation
began to fully apply to the processing of personal information collected from individuals located in the European Union, and has created new compliance
obligations and significantly increased fines for noncompliance. Similarly, as of January 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act imposes certain legal
obligations on our use and processing of personal information related to California residents. Finally, new privacy and cybersecurity laws are coming into effect
in China. Notwithstanding our efforts to protect the security and integrity of our customers’ personal information, we may be required to expend significant
resources to comply with data breach requirements if, for example, third parties improperly obtain and use the personal information of our customers or we
otherwise experience a data loss with respect to customers’ personal information. A major breach of our network security and systems may result in fines,
penalties and damages and harm our brand, prospects and operating results.

**We could be subject to liability, penalties and other restrictive sanctions and adverse consequences arising out of certain governmental**
**investigations and proceedings.**

We are cooperating with certain government investigations as discussed in Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies, to the consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. To our knowledge, no government agency in any such ongoing investigation has concluded
that any wrongdoing occurred. However, we cannot predict the outcome or impact of any such ongoing matters, and there exists the possibility that we could
be subject to liability, penalties and other restrictive sanctions and adverse consequences if the SEC, the U.S. Department of Justice or any other government
agency were to pursue legal action in the future. Moreover, we expect to incur costs in responding to related requests for information and subpoenas, and if
instituted, in defending against any governmental proceedings.

For example, on October 16, 2018, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York entered a final judgment approving the terms of a
settlement filed with the Court on September 29, 2018, in connection with the actions taken by the SEC relating to Mr. Musk’s statement on August 7, 2018
that he was considering taking Tesla private. Pursuant to the settlement, we, among other things, paid a civil penalty of $20 million, appointed an independent
director as the chair of our board of directors, appointed two additional independent directors to our board of directors and made further enhancements to our
disclosure controls and other corporate governance-related matters. On April 26, 2019, this settlement was amended to clarify certain of the previously-agreed
disclosure procedures, which was subsequently approved by the Court. All other terms of the prior settlement were reaffirmed without modification. Although
we intend to continue to comply with the terms and requirements of the settlement, if there is a lack of compliance or an alleged lack of compliance, additional
enforcement actions or other legal proceedings may be instituted against us.

25


-----


