immediately preceding Business Day, provided, however, that at any time, if the Aggregate Exposure (for the purposes of the
determination thereof, using the U.S. Dollar Equivalent as recalculated based on the spot exchange rate therefor as quoted on Bloomberg
(or, if same does not provide such exchange rates, on such other basis as is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) on the
respective date of determination pursuant to this exception) would exceed 85% of the Total Revolving Loan Commitment or any, then in
the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent or at the request of the Required Lenders, the U.S. Dollar Equivalent shall be reset based
upon the spot exchange rates on such date as quoted on Bloomberg (or, if same does not provide such exchange rates, on such other basis
as is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), which rates shall remain in effect until the date of a Credit Event or such earlier
date, if any, as the rate is reset pursuant to this proviso. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this definition, at any time
that a Default or an Event of Default then exists, the Administrative Agent may revalue the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any amounts
outstanding under the Credit Documents in a currency other than U.S. Dollars on any date in its sole discretion in accordance with the
foregoing methodology.

“U.S. Dollars” and the sign “$” shall each mean freely transferable lawful money of the United States.

“U.S. Guarantors” shall mean and include each U.S. Borrower (in its capacity as a guarantor under the U.S. Guaranty) and each
U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor.

“U.S. Guaranty” shall mean the U.S. Guaranty, dated as of the Effective Date, in the form of Exhibit G-2, as amended, modified,
restated and/or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.

“U.S. Person” shall mean any Person that is a “United States person” as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

“U.S. Security Agreement” shall mean the U.S. Security Agreement, dated as of the Effective Date, in the form of Exhibit I-4, as
amended, modified, restated and/or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.

“U.S. Special Resolution Regimes” shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.26.

“U.S. Subsidiary Guarantors” shall mean each Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary of the Company (other than any U.S.
Borrower, any Securitization Subsidiary, any Excluded Energy Storage Subsidiary, any Excluded Charging Subsidiary, any Tesla Finance
Subsidiary and any Immaterial Subsidiary), whether existing on the Effective Date or established, created or acquired after the Effective
Date, in each case unless and until such time as the respective Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary is released from all of its obligations
under the U.S. Guaranty and the Security Documents to which it is a party in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof and
thereof.

“U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate” shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.04(e)(iii).

“Used” shall mean, with respect to any Inventory, that such Inventory was previously sold (other than to a Credit Party),
excluding remanufactured items.

76


-----


