, ( ), y p y
Documents to which such Guarantor is a party or (ii) the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against such
Guarantor of any Credit Document to which such Guarantor is a party; and

(f) there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of such
Guarantor, threatened in writing (i) that purports to affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any Credit Document to
which such Guarantor is a party or (ii) with respect to such Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries that, either individually or in
the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect.

Until the Termination Date, such Guarantor will comply, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all of the applicable
provisions, covenants and agreements contained in Sections 9 and 10 of the Credit Agreement which are expressly applicable to such
Guarantor and/or such Guarantor’s Subsidiaries, and will take, or will refrain from taking, as the case may be, all actions that are
necessary to be taken or not taken so that no violation of any provision, covenant or agreement contained in Sections 9 and 10 of the
Credit Agreement which are expressly applicable to such Guarantor and/or such Guarantor’s Subsidiaries, and so that no Default or Event
of Default, is caused by the actions of such Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries.

10. EXPENSES. The Guarantors hereby jointly and severally agree to pay all reasonable and documented outof-pocket costs and expenses of the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent and each other Secured Creditor following the occurrence
and during the continuance of an Event of Default in connection with the enforcement of this Guaranty and the protection of the Secured
Creditors’ rights hereunder and any amendment, waiver or consent relating hereto (including, in each case, without limitation, the
reasonable and invoiced fees and disbursements of consultants and counsel employed by the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent
and each other Secured Creditor (but limited, in the case of attorneys’ fees and disbursements, to one counsel to the Secured Creditors,
taken as a whole, one local counsel for the Collateral Agent and Administrative Agent and the Secured Creditors, taken as a whole, in each
relevant jurisdiction, and, solely in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interests, one additional counsel in each relevant
jurisdiction to each group of affected Secured Creditors similarly situated, taken as a whole)).

11. BENEFIT AND BINDING EFFECT. This Guaranty shall be binding upon each Guarantor and its successors
and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of the Secured Creditors and their successors and assigns.

12. AMENDMENTS; WAIVERS. Neither this Guaranty nor any provision hereof may be changed, waived,
discharged or terminated except with the written consent of each Guarantor directly affected thereby (it being understood that the
addition or release of any Guarantor hereunder shall not constitute a change, waiver, discharge or termination affecting any Guarantor
other than the Guarantor so added or released) and with the written consent of the Required Lenders (or, to the extent required by
Section 13.13 of the Credit Agreement, with the written consent of each Lender) at all times prior to the Termination Date.

13. SET OFF. In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under applicable law (including, without
limitation, Section 151 of the New York Debtor and Creditor Law) and not by way of limitation of any such rights, upon the occurrence and
during the continuance of an Event of Default, each


-----


